Topic	Count	Name	Representation	Representative_Docs
-1	117	-1_preferences_physician_decision_making	['preferences', 'physician', 'decision', 'making', 'choice', 'decision making', 'willingness', 'information', 'preference', 'value']	"[""Regional and patient-related factors influencing the willingness to use general practitioners as coordinators of the treatment in northern Germany - results of a cross-sectional observational study. In most countries, the general practitioner (GP) is the first point of contact in the healthcare system and coordinator of healthcare. However, in Germany it is possible to consult an outpatient specialist even without referral. Coordination by a GP might thus reduce health expenditures and inequalities in the healthcare system. The study describes the patients' willingness/commitment to use the GP as coordinator of healthcare and identifies regional and patient-related factors associated with the aforementioned commitment to the GP. Cross-sectional observational study using a standardised telephone patient survey in northern Germany. All counties and independent cities within a radius of 120&#x2009;km around Hamburg were divided into three regional categories (urban areas, environs, rural areas) and stratified proportionally to the population size. Patients who had consulted the GP within the previous three months, and had been patients of the practice for at least three years were randomly selected from medical records of primary care practices in these districts and recruited for the study. Multivariate linear regression models adjusted for random effects at the level of federal states, administrative districts and practices were used as statistical analysis methods. Eight hundred eleven patients (25.1%) from 186 practices and 34 administrative districts were interviewed. The patient commitment to a GP attained an average of 20 out of 24 possible points. Significant differences were found by sex (male vs. female: +&#x2009;1.14 points, p&#xa0;&lt;&#x2009;0.001), morbidity (+&#x2009;0.10 per disease, p&#xa0;=&#x2009;0.043), education (high vs. low: -&#x2009;1.74, p&#xa0;&lt;&#x2009;0.001), logarithmised household net adjusted disposable income (-&#x2009;0.93 per step on the logarithmic scale, p&#xa0;=&#x2009;0.004), regional category (urban areas: -&#x2009;0.85, p&#xa0;=&#x2009;0.022; environs: -&#x2009;0.80, p&#xa0;=&#x2009;0.045) and healthcare utilisation (each GP contact: +&#x2009;0.30, p&#xa0;&lt;&#x2009;0.001; each contact to a medical specialist: -&#x2009;0.75, p&#xa0;=&#x2009;0.018). Professional situation and age were not significantly associated with the GP commitment. On average, the patients' commitment to their GP was relatively strong, but there were large differences between patient groups. An increase in the patient commitment to the GP could be achieved through better patient information and targeted interventions, e.g. to women or patients from regions of higher urban density. The study was registered in ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02558322)."", 'Effectiveness of the DECIDE Interventions on Shared Decision Making and Perceived Quality of Care in Behavioral Health With Multicultural Patients: A Randomized Clinical Trial. Few randomized clinical trials have been conducted with ethnic/racial minorities to improve shared decision making (SDM) and quality of care. To test the effectiveness of patient and clinician interventions to improve SDM and quality of care among an ethnically/racially diverse sample. This cross-level 2&#x2009;&#xd7;&#x2009;2 randomized clinical trial included clinicians at level 2 and patients (nested within clinicians) at level 1 from 13 Massachusetts behavioral health clinics. Clinicians and patients were randomly selected at each site in a 1:1 ratio for each 2-person block. Clinicians were recruited starting September 1, 2013; patients, starting November 3, 2013. Final data were collected on September 30, 2016. Data were analyzed based on intention to treat. The clinician intervention consisted of a workshop and as many as 6 coaching telephone calls to promote communication and therapeutic alliance to improve SDM. The 3-session patient intervention sought to improve SDM and quality of care. The SDM was assessed by a blinded coder based on clinical recordings, patient perception of SDM and quality of care, and clinician perception of SDM. Of 312 randomized patients, 212 (67.9%) were female and 100 (32.1%) were male; mean (SD) age was 44.0 (15.0) years. Of 74 randomized clinicians, 56 (75.7%) were female and 18 (4.3%) were male; mean (SD) age was 39.8 (12.5) years. Patient-clinician pairs were assigned to 1 of the following 4 design arms: patient and clinician in the control condition (n&#x2009;=&#x2009;72), patient in intervention and clinician in the control condition (n&#x2009;=&#x2009;68), patient in the control condition and clinician in intervention (n&#x2009;=&#x2009;83), or patient and clinician in intervention (n&#x2009;=&#x2009;89). All pairs underwent analysis. The clinician intervention significantly increased SDM as rated by blinded coders using the 12-item Observing Patient Involvement in Shared Decision Making instrument (b&#x2009;=&#x2009;4.52; SE&#x2009;=&#x2009;2.17; P&#x2009;=&#x2009;.04; Cohen d&#x2009;=&#x2009;0.29) but not as assessed by clinician or patient. More clinician coaching sessions (dosage) were significantly associated with increased SDM as rated by blinded coders (b&#x2009;=&#x2009;12.01; SE&#x2009;=&#x2009;3.72; P&#x2009;=&#x2009;.001; Cohen d&#x2009;=&#x2009;0.78). The patient intervention significantly increased patient-perceived quality of care (b&#x2009;=&#x2009;2.27; SE&#x2009;=&#x2009;1.16; P&#x2009;=&#x2009;.05; Cohen d&#x2009;=&#x2009;0.19). There was a significant interaction between patient and clinician dosage (b&#x2009;=&#x2009;7.40; SE&#x2009;=&#x2009;3.56; P&#x2009;=&#x2009;.04; Cohen d&#x2009;=&#x2009;0.62), with the greatest benefit when both obtained the recommended dosage. The clinician intervention could improve SDM with minority populations, and the patient intervention could augment patient-reported quality of care. clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT01947283.', ""Decision-making criteria among European patients: exploring patient preferences for primary care services. Health economics preference-based techniques, such as discrete choice experiments (DCEs), are often used to inform public health policy on patients' priorities when choosing health care. Although there is general evidence about patients' satisfaction with general-practice (GP) care in Europe, to our knowledge no comparisons are available that measure patients' preferences in different European countries, and use patients' priorities to propose policy changes. A DCE was designed and used to capture patients' preferences for GP care in Germany, England and Slovenia. In the three countries, 841 eligible patients were identified across nine GP practices. The DCE questions compared multiple health-care practices (including their 'current GP practice'), described by the following attributes: 'information' received from the GP, 'booking time', 'waiting time' in the GP practice, 'listened to', as well as being able to receive the 'best care' available for their condition. Results were compared across countries looking at the attributes' importance and rankings, patients' willingness-to-wait for unit changes to the attributes' levels and changes in policy. A total of 692 respondents (75% response rate) returned questionnaires suitable for analysis. In England and Slovenia, patients were satisfied with their 'current practice', but they valued changes to alternative practices. All attributes influenced decision-making, and 'best care' or 'information' were more valued than others. In Germany, almost all respondents constantly preferred their 'current practice', and other factors did not change their preference. European patients have strong preference for their 'status quo', but alternative GP practices could compensate for it and offer more valued care.""]"
0	40	0_decision_decision making_making_shared decision	['decision', 'decision making', 'making', 'shared decision', 'sdm', 'decisions', 'autonomy', 'practice', 'informed', 'preferences']	"[""Implementation of shared decision making in anaesthesia and its influence on patient satisfaction. There is a lack of data about the implementation of shared decision making in anaesthesia. To assess patients' preference to be involved in medical decision making and its influence on patient satisfaction, we studied 197 matched pairs (patients and anaesthetists) using two previously validated questionnaires. Before surgery, patients had to decide between general vs regional anaesthesia and, where appropriate, between conventional postoperative pain therapy vs catheter techniques. One hundred and eighty-six patients (94%) wished to be involved in shared decision making. One hundred and twenty-two patients (62%) experienced the exact amount of shared decision making that they wanted; 44 (22%) were slightly more involved and 20 (10%) slightly less involved in shared decision making than they desired. Preferences regarding involvement in shared decision making were similar between patients and anaesthetists with mean (SD) points of 54.1 (16.2) vs 56.4 (27.6) (p=0.244), respectively on a 0-100 scale; however, patients were found to have a stronger preference for a totally balanced shared decision-making process (65% vs 32%). Overall patient satisfaction was high: 88% were very satisfied and 12% satisfied with a mean (SD) value of 96.1 (10.6) on a 0-100 scale. Shared decision making is important for providing high levels of patient satisfaction."", 'Implementing shared decision-making: consider all the consequences. The ethical argument that shared decision-making is ""the right"" thing to do, however laudable, is unlikely to change how healthcare is organized, just as evidence alone will be an insufficient factor: practice change is governed by factors such as cost, profit margin, quality, and efficiency. It is helpful, therefore, when evaluating new approaches such as shared decision-making to conceptualize potential consequences in a way that is broad, long-term, and as relevant as possible to multiple stakeholders. Yet, so far, evaluation metrics for shared decision-making have been mostly focused on short-term outcomes, such as cognitive or affective consequences in patients. The goal of this article is to hypothesize a wider set of consequences, that apply over an extended time horizon, and include outcomes at interactional, team, organizational and system levels, and to call for future research to study these possible consequences. To date, many more studies have evaluated patient decision aids rather than other approaches to shared decision-making, and the outcomes measured have typically been focused on short-term cognitive and affective outcomes, for example knowledge and decisional conflict. From a clinicians perspective, the shared decision-making process could be viewed as either intrinsically rewarding and protective, or burdensome and impractical, yet studies have not focused on the impact on professionals, either positive or negative. At interactional levels, group, team, and microsystem, the potential long-term consequences could include the development of a culture where deliberation and collaboration are regarded as guiding principles, where patients are coached to assess the value of interventions, to trade-off benefits versus harms, and assess their burdens-in short, to new social norms in the clinical workplace. At organizational levels, consistent shared decision-making might boost patient experience evaluations and lead to fewer complaints and legal challenges. In the long-term, shared decision-making might lead to changes in resource utilization, perhaps to reductions in cost, and to modification of workforce composition. Despite the gradual shift to value-based payment, some organizations, motivated by continued income derived from achieving high volumes of procedures and contacts, will see this as a negative consequence. We suggest that a broader conceptualization and measurement of shared decision-making would provide a more substantive evidence base to guide implementation. We outline a framework which illustrates a hypothesized set of proximal, distal, and distant consequences that might occur if collaboration and deliberation could be achieved routinely, proposing that well-informed preference-based patient decisions might lead to safer, more cost-effective healthcare, which in turn might result in reduced utilization rates and improved health outcomes.', ""High-risk surgery among older adults: Not-quite shared decision-making. Shared decision-making is critical to optimal patient-centered care. For elective operations, when there is sufficient time for deliberate discussion, little is known about how surgeons navigate decision-making and how surgeons align care with patient preferences. In this context, we sought to explore surgeons' approaches to decision-making for adults &#x2265;65 years at high-risk of postoperative complications or death. We conducted semistructured in-depth interviews with 46 practicing surgeons across Michigan. Transcripts were iteratively analyzed through steps informed by inductive thematic analysis. Four major themes emerged characterizing how surgeons approach high-risk surgical decision-making for older adults: (1) risk assessment was defined as the process used by surgeons to identify and analyze factors that may negatively impact outcome; (2) expectations and goals described the process of surgeons engaging with patients and families to discuss potential outcomes and desired objectives; (3) external and internal motivating factors outlined extrinsic dynamics (eg, quality metrics, referrals) and intrinsic drivers (eg, surgeons' personal experiences) that influenced high-risk decision-making; and (4) decision-making approaches and challenges encompassed the roles of patients and surgeons and obstacles to engaging in a true shared decision-making process. Although shared decision-making is strongly recommended, we found that surgeons who perform high-risk operations among older adults predominantly focused on assessing risk and setting expectations with patients and families rather than inviting them to actively participate in the decision-making process. Surgeons also reported influences on decision-making from quality metrics, referrals, and personal experiences. Patient involvement, however, was seldom discussed suggesting that surgeons may not be engaging in true shared decision-making when benefits should be weighed against a high likelihood of harm.""]"
1	39	1_decision_preference_preferences_patient preferences	['decision', 'preference', 'preferences', 'patient preferences', 'making', 'hta', 'decision making', 'patient preference', 'information', 'assessment']	"['PATIENT-CENTERED DECISION MAKING: LESSONS FROM MULTI-CRITERIA DECISION ANALYSIS FOR QUANTIFYING PATIENT PREFERENCES. Patient preferences should be a central consideration in healthcare decision making. However, stories of patients challenging regulatory and reimbursement decisions has led to questions on whether patient voices are being considered sufficiently during those decision making processes. This has led some to argue that it is necessary to quantify patient preferences before they can be adequately considered. This study considers the lessons from the use of multi-criteria decision analysis (MCDA) for efforts to quantify patient preferences. It defines MCDA and summarizes the benefits it can provide to decision makers, identifies examples of MCDAs that have involved patients, and summarizes good practice guidelines as they relate to quantifying patient preferences. The guidance developed to support the use of MCDA in healthcare provide some useful considerations for the quantification of patient preferences, namely that researchers should give appropriate consideration to: the heterogeneity of patient preferences, and its relevance to decision makers; the cognitive challenges posed by different elicitation methods; and validity of the results they produce. Furthermore, it is important to consider how the relevance of these considerations varies with the decision being supported. The MCDA literature holds important lessons for how patient preferences should be quantified to support healthcare decision making.', ""Amplifying Each Patient's Voice: A Systematic Review of Multi-criteria Decision Analyses Involving Patients. Qualitative methods tend to be used to incorporate patient preferences into healthcare decision making. However, for patient preferences to be given adequate consideration by decision makers they need to be quantified. Multi-criteria decision analysis (MCDA) is one way to quantify and capture the patient voice. The objective of this review was to report on existing MCDAs involving patients to support the future use of MCDA to capture the patient voice. MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched in June 2014 for English-language papers with no date restriction. The following search terms were used: 'multi-criteria decision*', 'multiple criteria decision*', 'MCDA', 'benefit risk assessment*', 'risk benefit assessment*', 'multicriteri* decision*', 'MCDM', 'multi-criteri* decision*'. Abstracts were included if they reported the application of MCDA to assess healthcare interventions where patients were the source of weights. Abstracts were excluded if they did not apply MCDA, such as discussions of how MCDA could be used; or did not evaluate healthcare interventions, such as MCDAs to assess the level of health need in a locality. Data were extracted on weighting method, variation in patient and expert preferences, and discussion on different weighting techniques. The review identified ten English-language studies that reported an MCDA to assess healthcare interventions and involved patients as a source of weights. These studies reported 12 applications of MCDA. Different methods of preference elicitation were employed: direct weighting in workshops; discrete choice experiment surveys; and the analytical hierarchy process using both workshops and surveys. There was significant heterogeneity in patient responses and differences between patients, who put greater weight on disease characteristics and treatment convenience, and experts, who put more weight on efficacy. The studies highlighted cognitive challenges associated with some weighting methods, though patients' views on their ability to undertake weighting tasks was positive. This review identified several recent examples of MCDA used to elicit patient preferences, which support the feasibility of using MCDA to capture the patient voice. Challenges identified included, how best to reflect the heterogeneity of patient preferences in decision making and how to manage the cognitive burden associated with some MCDA tasks."", ""Use of Patient Preference Information in Benefit-Risk Assessment, Health Technology Assessment, and Pricing and Reimbursement Decisions: A Systematic Literature Review of Attempts and Initiatives. <b>Objectives:</b> Inclusion of patient preference (PP) data in decision making has been largely discussed in recent years. Healthcare decision makers-regulatory and health technology assessment (HTA)-are more and more conscious of the need for a patient-centered approach to decide on optimal allocation of scarce money, time, and technological resources. This literature review aims to examine the use of and recommendations for the integration of PP in decision making. <b>Methods:</b> A literature search was conducted through PubMed/Medline in May 2019 to identify publications on PP studies used to inform benefit-risk assessments (BRAs) and HTAs and patient-centered projects and guidelines related to the inclusion of PPs in health policy decision making. After title and abstract screening and full-text review, selected publications were analyzed to retrieve data related to the collection, use, and/or submission of PPs informing BRA or HTA as well as attempts and initiatives in recommendations for PPs integration in decision-making processes. <b>Results:</b> Forty-nine articles were included: 24 attempts and pilot project discussions and 25 PP elicitation studies. Quantitative approaches, particularly discrete choice experiments, were the most used (24 quantitative elicitation studies and 1 qualitative study). The objective of assessing PPs was to prioritize outcome-specific information, to value important treatment characteristics, to provide patient-focused benefit-risk trade-offs, and to appraise the patients' willingness to pay for new technologies. Moreover, attempts and pilot projects to integrate PPs in BRAs and HTAs were identified at the European level and across countries, but no clear recommendations have been issued yet. No less than seven public and/or private initiatives have been undertaken by governmental agencies and independent organizations to set guidance targeting improvement of patients' involvement in decision making. <b>Conclusion:</b> Despite the initiatives undertaken, the pace of progress remains slow. The use of PPs remains poorly implemented, and evidence of proper use of these data in decision making is lacking. Guidelines and recommendations formalizing the purpose of collecting PPs, what methodology should be adopted and how, and who should be responsible for generating these data throughout the decision-making processes are needed to improve and empower integration of PPs in BRA and HTA.""]"
2	36	2_psoriasis_treatments_topical_preferences	['psoriasis', 'treatments', 'topical', 'preferences', 'skin', 'efficacy', 'psoriasis treatments', 'dermatology', 'patient preferences', 'preference']	"[""Engaging psoriasis patients in adherence and outcomes to topical treatments: A summary from the Symposium 'Tailoring topical psoriasis treatments to patients' needs and expectations' of the 30<sup>th</sup> EADV Congress 2021. This article is based on a presentation given by authors at the Satellite Symposium titled 'Tailoring topical psoriasis treatments to patients' needs and expectations' held during the 30<sup>th</sup> European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology Congress. During this session, the factors affecting adherence and outcomes to topical treatments were presented, with a particular focus on the patients' point of view. Psoriasis is not just a skin condition. Psoriasis can cause negative psychosocial effects, such as depression and anxiety. The risk of suicidality in patients with psoriasis is higher than in the background population. Psychosocial comorbidities can be prevented by patient involvement in psoriasis management and need to be treated in a multidisciplinary manner. Adherence may be the largest barrier to treatment success with topical therapies. Improvement in several areas of disease management may lead to benefits in treatment adherence and hence clinical benefit. There are several treatment-related factors for non-adherence, such as patient dissatisfaction, side effects, treatment regimen or the drug vehicle. Delivering comprehensive treatment information to the patient will help develop realistic objectives and expectations. Patients need to be involved in the selection of treatment strategies, as psoriasis patients have various preferences for their use of topical treatments. A shared decision-making with the patient has been shown to improve medication adherence and treatment success. Prescribing therapy in line with a patient preference for treatment vehicle and improving the communication between healthcare professionals and patients may be key factors to maximize adherence. The calcipotriol (CAL) and betamethasone dipropionate (BDP) cream, a novel formulation of the CAL/BDP fixed-dose combination based on Poly-Aphron Dispersion (PAD) Technology, is a topical treatment of mild-to-moderate plaque psoriasis, including scalp psoriasis, that has high cosmetic acceptance and overall treatment satisfaction."", 'Patient preferences for topical psoriasis treatments: a discrete choice experiment. Topical medication continues to be the most frequently prescribed therapy for psoriasis. However, patients are often dissatisfied with their topical medication, and adherence to this type of therapy is particularly poor. To investigate the preferences of patients with psoriasis regarding the process and outcome attributes associated with topical treatments and to assess influencing factors. A discrete choice experiment was conducted to analyze patient preferences for topical psoriasis treatments based on outcome attributes (probabilities of 90% improvement, 50% improvement, skin atrophy and skin irritation) and process attributes (treatment cost not covered by health insurance, treatment duration, location, frequency and formulation). The study cohort (<i>N</i>&#x2009;=&#x2009;184) considered probabilities of 50% (Relative Importance Score (RIS)=41.0) and 90% (RIS = 33.9) improvement most important, followed by risk of skin atrophy (RIS = 26.4) and treatment cost (RIS = 22.2). Treatment location (RIS = 18.9), risk of skin irritation (RIS = 16.2), treatment frequency (RIS = 13.3) and formulation (RIS = 11.0) were considered less relevant. Income, cardiovascular disease, number of visits and current topical therapy influenced treatment preferences. Averaged across the cohort, participants preferred an efficient topical treatment associated with a low risk of skin atrophy and reasonable personal expenses. Individual preferences should be integrated into a shared decision-making process about psoriasis treatment.', ""Patient preferences for psoriasis treatments: process characteristics can outweigh outcome attributes. To assess patients' preferences for psoriasis treatments and to identify the effect of sociodemographic and socioeconomic characteristics on these preferences. A computer-based conjoint analysis experiment was conducted to analyze the preferences of individuals with moderate or severe psoriasis for outcome attributes (probability, magnitude, and duration of benefit, as well as probability, severity, and reversibility of adverse effects) and process attributes (treatment location, frequency, duration, delivery method, and individual cost) of psoriasis treatments. Relative importance scores (RISs) for each attribute were calculated. The effect of sociodemographic (age, sex, and marital status) and socioeconomic (income and employment) characteristics and Psoriasis Area and Severity Index and Dermatology Life Quality Index scores on preferences was assessed using analysis of variance, post hoc testing, and multivariate regression analysis. Outpatient dermatology clinic at a German university medical center. Patients with moderate or severe psoriasis (N = 163). Relative importance scores for treatment attributes. The attribute considered to be most important in patients' preferences for psoriasis treatments was treatment location (RIS, 26.76), followed by probability of benefit (RIS, 23.77) and method of delivery (RIS, 23.49). The RISs for all process attributes were higher than for adverse effect-related attributes. Older individuals (&#x2265;65 years) were less concerned about the probability of benefit (&#x3b2; = -0.24; P = .005) compared with younger individuals. When choosing among treatment options, individuals with psoriasis appear to be willing to accept treatment-related adverse effects to obtain process attributes compatible with their personal and professional life. Incorporating preferences in shared decision making may facilitate treatment adherence and optimize outcome.""]"
3	33	3_information_internet_access_hearing	['information', 'internet', 'access', 'hearing', 'telemedicine', 'covid 19', 'health information', 'telehealth', 'hie', 'health care']	"[""The Potential of Blockchain Technology for Health Information Exchange: Experimental Study From Patients' Perspectives. Nowadays, a number of mechanisms and tools are being used by health care organizations and physicians to electronically exchange the personal health information of patients. The main objectives of different methods of health information exchange (HIE) are to reduce health care costs, minimize medical errors, and improve the coordination of interorganizational information exchange across health care entities. The main challenges associated with the common HIE systems are privacy concerns, security risks, low visibility of system transparency, and lack of patient control. Blockchain technology is likely to disrupt the current information exchange models utilized in the health care industry. Little is known about patients' perceptions and attitudes toward the implementation of blockchain-enabled HIE networks, and it is still not clear if patients (as one of the main HIE stakeholders) are likely to opt in to the applications of this technology in HIE initiatives. Thus, this study aimed at exploring the core value of blockchain technology in the health care industry from health care consumers' views. To recognize the potential applications of blockchain technology in health care practices, we designed 16 information exchange scenarios for controlled Web-based experiments. Overall, 2013 respondents participated in 16 Web-based experiments. Each experiment described an information exchange condition characterized by 4 exchange mechanisms (ie, direct, lookup, patient-centered, and blockchain), 2 types of health information (ie, sensitive vs nonsensitive), and 2 types of privacy policy (weak vs strong). The findings show that there are significant differences in patients' perceptions of various exchange mechanisms with regard to patient privacy concern, trust in competency and integrity, opt-in intention, and willingness to share information. Interestingly, participants hold a favorable attitude toward the implementation of blockchain-based exchange mechanisms for privacy protection, coordination, and information exchange purposes. This study proposed the potentials and limitations of a blockchain-based attempt in the HIE context. The results of this research should be of interest to both academics and practitioners. The findings propose potential limitations of a blockchain-based HIE that should be addressed by health care organizations to exchange personal health information in a secure and private manner. This study can contribute to the research in the blockchain area and enrich the literature on the use of blockchain in HIE efforts. Practitioners can also identify how to leverage the benefit of blockchain to promote HIE initiatives nationwide."", ""Internet use frequency and patient-centered care: measuring patient preferences for participation using the health information wants questionnaire. The Internet is bringing fundamental changes to medical practice through improved access to health information and participation in decision making. However, patient preferences for participation in health care vary greatly. Promoting patient-centered health care requires an understanding of the relationship between Internet use and a broader range of preferences for participation than previously measured. To explore (1) whether there is a significant relationship between Internet use frequency and patients' overall preferences for obtaining health information and decision-making autonomy, and (2) whether the relationships between Internet use frequency and information and decision-making preferences differ with respect to different aspects of health conditions. The Health Information Wants Questionnaire (HIWQ) was administered to gather data about patients' preferences for the (1) amount of information desired about different aspects of a health condition, and (2) level of decision-making autonomy desired across those same aspects. The study sample included 438 individuals: 226 undergraduates (mean age 20; SD 2.15) and 212 community-dwelling older adults (mean age 72; SD 9.00). A significant difference was found between the younger and older age groups' Internet use frequencies, with the younger age group having significantly more frequent Internet use than the older age group (younger age group mean 5.98, SD 0.33; older age group mean 3.50, SD 2.00; t436=17.42, P&lt;.01). Internet use frequency was positively related to the overall preference rating (&#x3b3;=.15, P&lt;.05), suggesting that frequent Internet users preferred significantly more information and decision making than infrequent Internet users. The relationships between Internet use frequency and different types of preferences varied: compared with infrequent Internet users, frequent Internet users preferred more information but less decision making for diagnosis (&#x3b3;=.57, P&lt;.01); more information and more decision-making autonomy for laboratory test (&#x3b3;=.15, P&lt;.05), complementary and alternative medicine (&#x3b3;=.32, P&lt;.01), and self-care (&#x3b3;=.15, P&lt;.05); and less information but more decision-making autonomy for the psychosocial (&#x3b3;=-.51, P&lt;.01) and health care provider (&#x3b3;=-.27, P&lt;.05) aspects. No significant difference was found between frequent and infrequent Internet users in their preferences for treatment information and decision making. Internet use frequency has a positive relationship with the overall preferences for obtaining health information and decision-making autonomy, but its relationship with different types of preferences varies. These findings have important implications for medical practice."", ""Assessment of Patient Preferences for Telehealth in Post-COVID-19 Pandemic Health Care. Telehealth use greatly increased in 2020 during the first year of the COVID-19 pandemic. Patient preferences for telehealth or in-person care are an important factor in defining the role of telehealth in the postpandemic world. To ascertain patient preferences for video visits after the ongoing COVID-19 public health emergency and to identify patient perceptions of the value of video visits and the role of out-of-pocket cost in changing patient preference for each visit modality. This survey study was conducted using a nationally representative sample of adult members of the RAND American Life Panel. The data were obtained from the American Life Panel Omnibus Survey, which was fielded between March 8 and 19, 2021. Preferences for video visits vs in-person care were analyzed in the survey. The first question was about participants' baseline preference for an in-person or a video visit for a nonemergency health issue. The second question entailed choosing between the preferred visit modality with a cost of $30 and another modality with a cost of $10. Questions also involved demographic characteristics, experience with video visits, willingness to use video visits, and preferences for the amount of telehealth use after the COVID-19 pandemic. A total of 2080 of 3391 sampled panel members completed the survey (participation rate, 61.3%). Participants in the weighted sample had a mean (SE) age of 51.1 (0.67) years and were primarily women (1079 [51.9%]). Most participants (66.5%) preferred at least some video visits in the future, but when faced with a choice between an in-person or a video visit for a health care encounter that could be conducted either way, more than half of respondents (53.0%) preferred an in-person visit. Among those who initially preferred an in-person visit when out-of-pocket costs were not a factor, 49.8% still preferred in-person care and 23.5% switched to a video visit when confronted with higher relative costs for in-person care. In contrast, among those who initially preferred a video visit, only 18.9% still preferred a video visit and 61.7% switched to in-person visit when confronted with higher relative costs for video visits. This survey study found that participants were generally willing to use video visits but preferred in-person care, and those who preferred video visits were more sensitive to paying out-of-pocket cost. These results suggest that understanding patient preferences will help identify telehealth's role in future health care delivery.""]"
4	33	4_eq 5d_5d_utility_health states	['eq 5d', '5d', 'utility', 'health states', 'utilities', 'valuations', 'time trade', 'preference', 'valuation', 'value set']	"['Valuation of EQ-5D-5L health states: a comparison of seven Asian populations. <b>Objectives</b>: To compare the time trade-off (TTO) utility values of EQ-5D-5L health states elicited from different general populations in Asia. <b>Methods</b>: We analyzed the TTO data from seven Asian EQ-5D-5L valuation studies in which utility values of 86 EQ-5D-5L health states were elicited from general population samples. An eight-parameter multiplicative regression model including five dimension parameters (mobility [MO], self-care, usual activities [UA], pain/discomfort, anxiety/depression) and three level parameters (level 2 [L2], level 3 [L3], and level 4 [L4]) was used to model the data from each of the populations. The model coefficients were compared to understand how the valuations of EQ-5D-5L health states differ. <b>Results</b>: For dimension parameters, Korea and Indonesia generally had the highest and lowest values among the populations, respectively; UA and MO commonly had the highest and lowest values among the parameters, respectively. For level parameters, Singapore and Korea generally had the highest and lowest values, respectively; L2 showed less variance compared to L3 and L4. Koreans, Indonesians, and Singaporeans appeared to have different health preferences compared with other populations. <b>Conclusion</b>: Utility values of EQ-5D-5L health states differ among Asian populations, suggesting that each health system should establish and use its own value set.', ""Public versus patient health preferences: protocol for a study to elicit EQ-5D-5L health state valuations for patients who have survived a stay in intensive care. The value set used when calculating quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs) is most often based on stated preference data elicited from a representative sample of the general population. However, having a severe disease may alter a person's health preferences, which may imply that, for some patient groups, experienced QALYs may differ from those that are estimated via standard methods. This study aims to model 5-level EuroQol 5-dimensional questionnaire (EQ-5D-5L) valuations based on preferences elicited from a sample of patients who have survived a stay in a Danish intensive care unit (ICU) and to compare these with the preferences of the general population. Further, the heterogeneity in the ICU patients' preferences will be investigated. This valuation study will elicit EQ-5D-5L health state preferences from a sample of 300 respondents enrolled in two randomised controlled trials at Danish ICUs. Patients' preferences will be elicited using composite time trade-off based on the EuroQol Valuation Technology, the same as that used to generate the EQ-5D-5L value set for the Danish general population. The patient-based and the public-based EQ-5D-5L valuations will be compared. Potential underlying determinants of the ICU preferences will be investigated through analyses of demographic characteristics, time since the ICU stay, self-reported health, willingness to trade-off length of life for quality of life, health state reference dependency and EQ-5D dimensions that patients have experienced themselves during their illness. Under Danish regulations, ethical approval is not required for studies of this type. Written informed consent will be obtained from all patients. The study results will be published in peer-reviewed scientific journals and presented at national and international conferences. The modelling algorithms will be publicly available for statistical software, such as Stata and R."", 'An Empirical Study of Two Alternative Comparators for Use in Time Trade-Off Studies. Studies to produce value sets for preference-based measures of health require definition of a full health upper anchor if the values are to be used to calculate quality-adjusted life years. Recent value sets derived for the EQ-5D-5L instrument have described the upper anchor as ""full health,"" whereas older valuation studies for the EQ-5D used ""best health state"" in the descriptive system (11111). It is unclear whether this change could have led to differences in the values obtained. The objective of this study was to assess differences in time trade-off (TTO) valuations using two different comparators (full health and 11111). Preferences for EQ-5D-5L health states were elicited from a broadly representative sample of the UK general public. TTO data were collected by using computer-assisted personal interviews. Respondents were randomly allocated to one of two arms, each using a different comparator health state. Respondents completed 10 or 11 TTO valuations and a series of follow-up questions examining their interpretations of the term ""full health."" Interviews with 443 respondents were completed in 2014. The differences in mean values across arms are mostly small and nonsignificant. The two arms produced data of similar quality. There is evidence of interviewer effects. Health state 11111 was given a value of 1 by 98.2% of the respondents who valued it. EQ-5D-5L values elicited by using the composite TTO approach are not greatly affected by the use of full health or 11111 as the comparator health state.']"
5	29	5_choice_preference_preferences_choice experiments	['choice', 'preference', 'preferences', 'choice experiments', 'discrete choice', 'respondents', 'estimates', 'attributes', 'aversion', 'cost']	"[""Preference Variation: Where Does Health Risk Attitude Come Into the Equation? Decisions about health often involve risk, and different decision makers interpret and value risk information differently. Furthermore, an individual's attitude toward health-specific risks can contribute to variation in health preferences and behavior. This study aimed to determine whether and how health-risk attitude and heterogeneity of health preferences are related. To study the association between health-risk attitude and preference heterogeneity, we selected 3 discrete choice experiment case studies in the health domain that included risk attributes and accounted for preference heterogeneity. Health-risk attitude was measured using the 13-item Health-Risk Attitude Scale (HRAS-13). We analyzed 2 types of heterogeneity via panel latent class analyses, namely, how health-risk attitude relates to (1) stochastic class allocation and (2) systematic preference heterogeneity. Our study did not find evidence that health-risk attitude as measured by the HRAS-13 distinguishes people between classes. Nevertheless, we did find evidence that the HRAS-13 can distinguish people's preferences for risk attributes within classes. This phenomenon was more pronounced in the patient samples than in the general population sample. Moreover, we found that numeracy and health literacy did distinguish people between classes. Modeling health-risk attitude as an individual characteristic underlying preference heterogeneity has the potential to improve model fit and model interpretations. Nevertheless, the results of this study highlight the need for further research into the association between health-risk attitude and preference heterogeneity beyond class membership, a different measure of health-risk attitude, and the communication of risks."", 'Are Efficient Designs Used in Discrete Choice Experiments Too Difficult for Some Respondents? A Case Study Eliciting Preferences for End-of-Life Care. Although efficient designs have sample size advantages for discrete choice experiments (DCEs), it has been hypothesised that they may result in biased estimates owing to some respondents using simplistic heuristics. The main objective was to provide a case study documenting that many respondents choose on the basis of a single attribute when exposed to highly efficient DCE designs but switch to a conventional multi-attribute decision rule when the design efficiency was lowered (resulting in less need to trade across all attributes). Additional objectives included comparisons of the sizes of the estimated coefficients and characterisation of heterogeneity, thus providing evidence of the magnitude of bias likely present in highly efficient designs. Five hundred and twenty-five respondents participating in a wider end-of-life survey each answered two DCEs that varied in their design efficiency. The first was a Street and Burgess 100% efficient Orthogonal Main Effects Plan design (2(7) in 8), using the top and bottom levels of all attributes. The second DCE comprised one eighth of the full Orthogonal Main Effects Plan in 32 pairs, (a 2 &#xd7; 4(6)). Linear probability models estimated every respondent\'s complete utility function in DCE1. The number of respondents answering on the basis of one attribute level was noted, as was the proportion of these who then violated this rule in DCE2, the less efficient DCE. Latent class analyses were used to identify heterogeneity. Sixty per cent of respondents answered all eight tasks comprising DCE1 using a single attribute; most used the rule ""choose cheapest end-of-life care plan"". However, when answering the four less efficient tasks in DCE2, one third of these (20% overall) then traded across attributes at least once. Among those whose decision rule could not be described qualitatively, latent class models identified two classes; compared to class one, class two was more concerned with quality rather than cost of care and wished to die in an institution rather than at home. Higher efficiency was also associated with smaller regression coefficients, suggesting either weaker preferences or lower choice consistency (larger errors). This is the first within-subject study to investigate the association between DCE design efficiency and utility estimates. It found that a majority of people did not trade across attributes in the more efficient design but that one third of these then did trade in the less efficient design. More within-subject studies are required to establish how common this is. It may be that future DCEs should attempt to maximise some joint function of statistical and cognitive efficiency to maximise overall efficiency and minimise bias.', 'Using Latent Class Analysis to Model Preference Heterogeneity in Health: A Systematic Review. Latent class analysis (LCA) has been increasingly used to explore preference heterogeneity, but the literature has not been systematically explored and hence best practices are not understood. We sought to document all applications of LCA in the stated-preference literature in health and to inform future studies by identifying current norms in published applications. We conducted a systematic review of the MEDLINE, EMBASE, EconLit, Web of Science, and PsycINFO databases. We included stated-preference studies that used LCA to explore preference heterogeneity in healthcare or public health. Two co-authors independently evaluated titles, abstracts, and full-text articles. Abstracted key outcomes included segmentation methods, preference elicitation methods, number of attributes and levels, sample size, model selection criteria, number of classes reported, and hypotheses tests. Study data quality and validity were assessed with the Purpose, Respondents, Explanation, Findings, and Significance (PREFS) quality checklist. We identified 2560 titles, 99 of which met the inclusion criteria for the review. Two-thirds of the studies focused on the preferences of patients and the general population. In total, 80% of the studies used discrete choice experiments. Studies used between three and 20 attributes, most commonly four to six. Sample size in LCAs ranged from 47 to 2068, with one-third between 100 and 300. Over 90% of the studies used latent class logit models for segmentation. Bayesian information criterion (BIC), Akaike information criterion (AIC), and log-likelihood (LL) were commonly used for model selection, and class size and interpretability were also considered in some studies. About 80% of studies reported two to three classes. The number of classes reported was not correlated with any study characteristics or study population characteristics (p&#xa0;&gt;&#xa0;0.05). Only 30% of the studies reported using statistical tests to detect significant variations in preferences between classes. Less than half of the studies reported that individual characteristics were included in the segmentation models, and 30% reported that post-estimation analyses were conducted to examine class characteristics. While a higher percentage of studies discussed clinical implications of the segmentation results, an increasing number of studies proposed policy recommendations based on segmentation results since 2010. LCA is increasingly used to study preference heterogeneity in health and support decision-making. However, there is little consensus on best practices as its application in health is relatively new. With an increasing demand to study preference heterogeneity, guidance is needed to improve the quality of applications of segmentation methods in health to support policy development and clinical practice.']"
6	27	6____	['', '', '', '', '', '', '', '', '', '']	[' ', ' ', ' ']
7	23	7_end life_death_life care_place death	['end life', 'death', 'life care', 'place death', 'nursing home', 'carers', 'family carers', 'home death', 'palliative', 'patients relatives']	"[""Mechanisms by which end-of-life communication influences palliative-oriented care in nursing homes: A scoping review. End-of-life communication has been largely recognized to promote quality end-of-life care in nursing home (NHs) by increasing residents' likelihood of receiving comfort-oriented care. This scoping review summarizes what is known about the potential mechanisms by which end-of-life communication may contribute to palliative-oriented care in NHs. Using the framework proposed by Arksey and O'Malley and refined by the Joanna Briggs Institute methodology, five literature databases were searched. We extracted 2159 articles, 11 of which met the inclusion criteria: seven quantitative, three qualitative, and one mixed-methods study. Three mechanisms were identified: a) promotion of family carers' understanding about their family member's health condition, prognosis, and treatments available; b) fostering of shared decision-making between health care professionals (HCPs) and residents/family carers; and c) using and improving knowledge about residents' preferences. Family carers' understanding, shared decision-making, and knowledge of residents' preferences contribute to palliative-oriented care in NHs. Discussions about end-of-life should take place early in a resident's disease trajectory to allow time for family carers to understand the condition and participate in subsequent, mindful, shared decision-making. HCPs should conduct systematic and thorough discussions about end-of-life treatment options with all cognitively competent residents to promote informed advance directives."", 'End-of-life care communications and shared decision-making in Norwegian nursing homes--experiences and perspectives of patients and relatives. Involving nursing home patients and their relatives in end-of-life care conversations and treatment decisions has recently gained increased importance in several Western countries. However, there is little knowledge about how the patients themselves and their next-of-kin look upon involvement in end-of-life care decisions. The purpose of this paper is to explore nursing home patients\' and next-of-kin\'s experiences with- and perspectives on end-of-life care conversations, information and shared decision-making. The study has a qualitative and explorative design, based on a combination of individual interviews with 35 patients living in six nursing homes and seven focus group interviews with 33 relatives. The data was analysed applying a ""bricolage"" approach"". Participation was based on informed consent, and the study was approved by the Regional Committees for Medical and Health Research Ethics. Few patients and relatives had participated in conversations about end-of-life care. Most relatives wanted such conversations, while the patients\' opinions varied. With some exceptions, patients and relatives wanted to be informed about the patient\'s health condition. The majority wanted to be involved in the decision-making process, but leave the final decisions to the health professionals. Among the patients, the opinion varied; some patients wanted to leave the decisions more or less completely to the nursing home staff. Conversations about end-of-life care issues are emotionally challenging, and very few patients had discussed these questions with their family. The relatives\' opinions of the patient\'s preferences were mainly based on assumptions; they had seldom talked about this explicitly. Both patients and relatives wanted the staff to raise these questions. Nursing home staff should initiate conversations about preferences for end-of-life care, assisting patients and relatives in talking about these issues, while at the same time being sensitive to the diversity in opinions and the timing for such conversations. As the popularity of advance care planning increases in many Western countries, discussions of patients\' and relatives\' perspectives will be of great interest to a broader audience.', ""A longitudinal study of end-of-life preferences of terminally-ill people who live alone. As a home death seems to be the perceived ideal, terminally ill people who live alone are at a disadvantage in terms of their place of care and death and little is known about their end-of-life preferences. This study aimed at eliciting patient preferences for their place of care and death longitudinally at two points during their illness trajectory, and reporting on the extent they were able to achieve their place of choice or congruence between preferred and actual place of death. A questionnaire was administered by a researcher in the patients' homes during two visits, 6-12 weeks apart depending on patient prognosis. Forty-three patients of Silver Chain Hospice Care Service in Western Australia participated during 2009-2010. The results indicated that preferences were in favour of either a home or hospice death, with more preferring home as a place of death rather than a place of care. However, overall congruence between preferred and actual place of death was between 53% and 41% dependent on whether it was based on first or second visit preferences respectively. This is the first longitudinal study to elicit the end-of-life preferences of terminally ill people who live alone. As home may not be the preferred location for dying for many patients (nearly half of the patients in this study), ability to die in the place of choice needs to be looked at as a possible indicator of meeting patient needs or as a quality measure in end-of-life care.""]"
8	22	8_advance_advance care_care planning_life	['advance', 'advance care', 'care planning', 'life', 'end life', 'life care', 'older people', 'life sustaining', 'sustaining treatment', 'wishes']	"[""The Progression of End-of-Life Wishes and Concordance with End-of-Life Care. Since 2013, Kaiser Permanente Northern California has engaged in a systematic effort to elicit, document, and honor the care preferences of patients as they near the end of life. This is done through its Advanced Steps program, in which selected patients discuss their preferences for future medical care with their healthcare agent during a structured conversation with a trained advance care planning facilitator. The facilitator then translates the patient's wishes into an actionable medical order set using a Physician's Order for Life-Sustaining Treatment (POLST) form. We wanted to know whether these patients' recorded wishes were concordant with care received at the end of life. To evaluate, we conducted an in-depth chart review of 300 patients who died in 2015 and had participated in the program. We determined that 290 patients received concordant care, whereas three patients received care discordant with their wishes before death. Seven patients did not have sufficient information in their record to determine concordance. Interestingly, we found care preferences often changed over time; &#x223c;20% of patients revised their end-of-life preferences after having the facilitated conversation, with most of those patients opting for less intensive care. Most changes to preferences were made verbally in the final setting of care. While advance care planning and the POLST form provide invaluable tools for recording patients' wishes, our study highlights a need to track patients' wishes as they evolve over time and a need for ongoing, real-time conversations about goals of care, even after a POLST is completed."", ""Asian patients' perspectives on advance care planning: A mixed-method systematic review and conceptual framework. Asian healthcare professionals hold that patients' families play an essential role in advance care planning. To systematically synthesize evidence regarding Asian patients' perspectives on advance care planning and their underlying motives. Mixed-method systematic review and the development of a conceptual framework (PROSPERO: CRD42018099980). EMBASE, MEDLINE, Web of Science, and Google Scholar were searched for studies published until July 27, 2020. We included studies concerning seriously-ill Asian patients' perspectives on advance care planning or their underlying motives for engaging or not engaging in it. Thirty-six articles were included; 22 were quantitative and 27 were from high-income countries. Thirty-nine to ninety percent of Asian patients were willing to engage in advance care planning. Our framework highlighted that this willingness was influenced not only by their knowledge of their disease and of advance care planning, but also by their beliefs regarding: (1) its consequences; (2) whether its concept was in accordance with their faith and their families' or physicians' wishes; and (3) the presence of its barriers. Essential considerations of patients' engagement were their preferences: (1) for being actively engaged or, alternatively, for delegating autonomy to others; (2) the timing, and (3) whether or not the conversations would be documented. The essential first step to engaging patients in advance care planning is to educate them on it and on their diseases. Asian patients' various beliefs about advance care planning should be accommodated, especially their preferences regarding their role in it, its timing, and its documentation."", ""Experiences and perspectives of older people regarding advance care planning: A meta-synthesis of qualitative studies. Studies have indicated that family members or health professionals may not know or predict their older relatives' or patients' health preferences. Although advance care planning is encouraged for older people to prepare end-of-life care, it is still challenging. To understand the experiences and perspectives of older people regarding advance care planning. A systematic review of qualitative studies and meta-synthesis was conducted. CINAHL, MEDLINE, EMBASE, and PsycINFO databases were searched. A total of 50 articles were critically appraised and a thematic synthesis was undertaken. Four themes were identified: life versus death, internal versus external, benefits versus burdens, and controlling versus being controlled. The view of life and death influenced older people's willingness to discuss their future. The characteristics, experiences, health status, family relationship, and available resources also affected their plans of advance care planning. Older people needed to balance the benefits and burdens of advance care planning, and then judge their own ability to make decisions about end-of-life care. Older people's perspectives and experiences of advance care planning were varied and often conflicted; cultural differences amplified variances among older people. Truthful information, available resources, and family support are needed to enable older people to maintain dignity at the end of life. The views of life and death for older people from different cultures should be compared to assist health professionals to understand older people's attitudes toward advance care planning, and thus to develop appropriate strategies to promote advance care planning in different cultures.""]"
9	21	9_eye_cataract_cost_macular	['eye', 'cataract', 'cost', 'macular', 'macular degeneration', 'degeneration', 'related macular', 'cataract surgery', 'eye drop', 'amd']	"[""Patients' preferences in treatment for neovascular age-related macular degeneration in clinical routine. To assess the effect of ranibizumab treatment for neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nvAMD) on patients' preferences and vision-related quality of life (VRQoL) in a routine clinical setting. 55 treatment na&#xef;ve patients were examined before and after the initial upload of three monthly injections of 0.5 mg ranibizumab. VRQoL was assessed using a Rasch-adjusted NEI-VFQ-25. Time trade-off (TTO), standard gamble, a visual analogue scale and the European Quality of Life Questionnaire (EQ-5D) were used to calculate utilities, and multiple logistic regression models were conducted to determine independent factors associated with utilities. Mean &#xb1; SD age was 75 &#xb1; 7 years, and 40 patients (73%) were female. Mean &#xb1; SD best-corrected visual acuity of the treated eye increased from 20/80 at baseline (logMAR 0.60 &#xb1; 0.35) to 20/63 (logMAR 0.52 &#xb1; 0.36; p=0.020) at follow-up after three injections. Utility score increases ranged from 2 utils (standard gamble anchored for death) up to 6.6 utils (EQ-5D German TTO, p=0.023) and visual functioning improved (Rasch adjusted composite NEI-VFQ score 50 &#xb1; 21 to 54 &#xb1; 21, p=0.042). Whether the worse or better eye was treated was not significantly associated with improvements in utility or VRQoL, whereas VA improvement in the treated eye was associated with an increase in utility (TTO, p=0.020). TTO performed best in this sample of elderly nvAMD patients undergoing anti-VEGF therapy. Better or worse eye treatment was not associated with a change in reported utilities or visual functioning in patients with newly diagnosed nvAMD. Directly elicited, vision-specific utilities gained with TTO seem to be sensitive to a change in vision status."", 'Ciclosporin compared with prednisolone therapy for patients with pyoderma gangrenosum: cost-effectiveness analysis of the STOP GAP trial. Pyoderma gangrenosum (PG) is a painful, ulcerating skin disease with poor evidence for management. Prednisolone and ciclosporin are the most commonly used treatments, although not previously compared within a randomized controlled trial (RCT). To compare the cost-effectiveness of ciclosporin and prednisolone-initiated treatment for patients with PG. Quality of life (QoL, EuroQoL five dimensions three level questionnaire, EQ-5D-3L) and resource data were collected as part of the STOP GAP trial: a multicentre, parallel-group, observer-blind RCT. Within-trial analysis used bivariate regression of costs and quality-adjusted life years (QALYs), with multiple imputation of missing data, informing a probabilistic assessment of incremental treatment cost-effectiveness from a health service perspective. In the base case analysis, when compared with prednisolone, ciclosporin was cost-effective due to a reduction in costs [net cost: -&#xa3;1160; 95% confidence interval (CI) -2991 to 672] and improvement in QoL (net QALYs: 0&#xb7;055; 95% CI 0&#xb7;018-0&#xb7;093). However, this finding appears driven by a minority of patients with large lesions (&#x2265; 20 cm<sup>2</sup> ) (net cost: -&#xa3;5310; 95% CI -9729 to -891; net QALYs: 0&#xb7;077; 95% CI 0&#xb7;004-0&#xb7;151). The incremental cost-effectiveness of ciclosporin for the majority of patients with smaller lesions was &#xa3;23 374/QALY, although the estimate is imprecise: the probability of being cost-effective at a willingness-to-pay of &#xa3;20 000/QALY was 43%. Consistent with the clinical findings of the STOP GAP trial, patients with small lesions should receive treatment guided by the side-effect profiles of the drugs and patient preference - neither strategy is clearly a preferred use of National Health Service resources. However, ciclosporin-initiated treatment may be more cost-effective for patients with large lesions.', 'Doxycycline compared with prednisolone therapy for patients with bullous pemphigoid: cost-effectiveness analysis of the BLISTER trial. Bullous pemphigoid (BP) is an autoimmune blistering skin disorder associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Doxycycline and prednisolone to treat bullous pemphigoid were compared within a randomized controlled trial (RCT). To compare the cost-effectiveness of doxycycline-initiated and prednisolone-initiated treatment for patients with BP. Quality-of-life (EuroQoL-5D-3L) and resource data were collected as part of the BLISTER trial: a multicentre, parallel-group, investigator-blinded RCT. Within-trial analysis was performed using bivariate regression of costs and quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs), with multiple imputation of missing data, informing a probabilistic assessment of incremental treatment cost-effectiveness from a health service perspective. In the base case, there was no robust difference in costs or QALYs per patient at 1 year comparing doxycycline- with prednisolone-initiated therapy [net cost &#xa3;959, 95% confidence interval (CI) -&#xa3;24 to &#xa3;1941; net QALYs -0&#xb7;024, 95% CI -0&#xb7;088 to 0&#xb7;041]. However, the findings varied by baseline blister severity. For patients with mild or moderate blistering (&#x2264; 30 blisters) net costs and outcomes were similar. For patients with severe blistering (&gt; 30 blisters) net costs were higher (&#xa3;2558, 95% CI -&#xa3;82 to &#xa3;5198) and quality of life poorer (-0&#xb7;090 QALYs, 95% CI -0&#xb7;22 to 0&#xb7;042) for patients starting on doxycycline. The probability that doxycycline would be cost-effective for those with severe pemphigoid was 1&#xb7;5% at a willingness to pay of &#xa3;20 000 per QALY. Consistently with the clinical findings of the BLISTER trial, patients with mild or moderate blistering should receive treatment guided by the safety and effectiveness of the drugs and patient preference - neither strategy is clearly a preferred use of National Health Service resources. However, prednisolone-initiated treatment may be more cost-effective for patients with severe blistering.']"
10	20	10_choice_attributes_healthcare_preferences	['choice', 'attributes', 'healthcare', 'preferences', 'healthcare providers', 'health care', 'choice experiment', 'policy', 'quality', 'health facilities']	"['Hospital service quality - patient preferences - a discrete choice experiment. High quality healthcare is important to all patients. If healthcare is felt to be high quality, then patients will be satisfied, and the relationship between patients and healthcare providers will improve. Patient satisfaction is among the most commonly used service quality indicators; however, it is not fully known which factors influence satisfaction. Therefore, it is necessary to pay attention to the elements that affect both healthcare quality and patient satisfaction. Nowadays, several methods are used in health economics to assess patient preferences, prioritize them and help health policy makers improve services. Discrete choice experiment (DCE) is one method that is useful to elicit patient preferences regarding healthcare services. The purpose of this paper is to apply DCE and elicit patient preferences in medical centers to rank certain healthcare quality factors. The descriptive, analytical study used a cross-sectional questionnaire that the authors developed. In total, 12 scenarios were chosen after applying fractional factorials. The questionnaire was completed by patients who were admitted to Kerman General Teaching Hospitals, South-East Iran in 2015. Patient preferences were identified by calculating the characteristics\' marginal effects and prioritizing them. The generalized estimation equation (GEE) model was used to determine attribute effects on patient preferences. In total, 167 patients completed the questionnaire. Prioritizing the attributes showed that ""physical examination"" was the most important attribute. Other key features included ""cleanliness,"" ""training after discharging,"" ""medical staff attention,"" ""waiting for admission"" and ""staff attitude."" All attributes were statistically significant ( p&lt;0.05) except staff behavior. No demographic characteristic was significant. To increase hospital patient satisfaction, health policy makers should develop programs to enhance healthcare quality and hospital safety by increasing physical examination quality and other services. To estimate DCE independent variables, logistic regression models are usually used. The authors used the GEE model to estimate discrete choice experiment owing the explanatory variables\' dependency.', 'Improving the public health sector in South Africa: eliciting public preferences using a discrete choice experiment. The introduction of national health insurance (NHI), aimed at achieving universal coverage, is the most important issue currently on the South African health policy agenda. Improvement in public sector health-care provision is crucial for the successful implementation of NHI as, regardless of whether health-care services become more affordable and available, if the quality of the services provided is not acceptable, people will not use the services. Although there has been criticism of the quality of public sector health services, limited research is available to identify what communities regard as the greatest problems with the services. A discrete choice experiment (DCE) was undertaken to elicit public preferences on key dimensions of quality of care when selecting public health facilities in South Africa. Qualitative methods were applied to establish attributes and levels for the DCE. To elicit preferences, interviews with community members were held in two South African provinces: 491 in Western Cape and 499 in Eastern Cape. The availability of necessary medicine at health facilities has the greatest impact on the probability of attending public health facilities. Other clinical quality attributes (i.e. provision of expert advice and provision of a thorough examination) are more valued than non-clinical quality of care attributes (i.e. staff attitude, treatment by doctors or nurses, and waiting time). Treatment by a doctor was less valued than all other attributes. Communities are prepared to tolerate public sector health service characteristics such as a long waiting time, poor staff attitudes and lack of direct access to doctors if they receive the medicine they need, a thorough examination and a clear explanation of the diagnosis and prescribed treatment from health professionals. These findings prioritize issues that the South African government must address in order to meet their commitment to improve public sector health-care service provision.', 'Patients\' preferences for primary health care - a systematic literature review of discrete choice experiments. Primary care is a key element of health care systems and addresses the main health problems of the population. Due to the demographic change, primary care even gains in importance. The knowledge of the patients\' preferences can help policy makers as well as physicians to set priorities in their effort to make health care delivery more responsive to patients\' needs. Our objective was to describe which aspects of primary care were included in preference studies and which of them were the most preferred aspects. In order to elicit the preferences for primary care, a systematic literature search was conducted. Two researchers searched three electronic databases (PubMed, Scopus, and PsycINFO) and conducted a narrative synthesis. Inclusion criteria were: focus on primary health care delivery, discrete choice experiment as elicitation method, and studies published between 2006 and 2015 in English language. We identified 18 studies that elicited either the patients\' or the population\'s preferences for primary care based on a discrete choice experiment. Altogether the studies used 16 structure attributes, ten process attributes and four outcome attributes. The most commonly applied structure attribute was ""Waiting time till appointment"", the most frequently used process attribute was ""Shared decision making / professional\'s attention paid to your views"". ""Receiving the \'best\' treatment"" was the most commonly applied outcome attribute. Process attributes were most often the ones of highest importance for patients or the population. The attributes and attribute levels used in the discrete choice experiments were identified by literature research, qualitative research, expert interviews, or the analysis of policy documents. The results of the DCE studies show different preferences for primary health care. The diversity of the results may have several reasons, such as the method of analysis, the selection procedure of the attributes and their levels or the specific research question of the study. As the results of discrete choice experiments depend on many different factors, it is important for a better comprehensibility of the studies to transparently report the steps undertaken in a study as well as the interim results regarding the identification of attributes and levels.']"
11	20	11_care_older_older persons_informal	['care', 'older', 'older persons', 'informal', 'value care', 'caregivers', 'preferences', 'aged', 'informal caregivers', 'aged care']	"[""The influence of age on health valuations: the older olds prefer functional independence while the younger olds prefer less morbidity. To assess the effectiveness of geriatric interventions, The Older Persons and Informal Caregivers Survey - Composite Endpoint (TOPICS-CEP) has been developed based on health valuations of older persons and informal caregivers. This study explored the influence of the raters' age on the preference weights of TOPICS-CEP's components. A vignette study was conducted with 200 raters (mean age &#xb1; standard deviation: 72.5&#xb1;11.8 years; 66.5% female). Profiles of older persons were used to obtain the preference weights for all TOPICS-CEP components: morbidity, functional limitations, emotional well-being, pain experience, cognitive functioning, social functioning, self-perceived health, and self-perceived quality of life. The raters assessed the general wellbeing of these vignettes on a 0-10 scale. Mixed linear regression analysis with interaction terms was used to explore the effects of raters' age on the preference weights. Interaction effects between age and the TOPICS-CEP components showed that older raters gave significantly (P&lt;0.05) more weight to functional limitations and social functioning and less to morbidities and pain experience, compared to younger raters. Researchers examining effectiveness in elderly care need to consider the discrepancies between health valuations of younger olds and older olds when selecting or establishing outcome measures. In clinical decision making, health care professionals need to be aware of this discrepancy as well. For this reason we highly recommend shared decision making in geriatric care."", ""Comparing the health state preferences of older persons, informal caregivers and healthcare professionals: a vignette study. The Older Persons and Informal Caregivers Survey-Minimum Dataset (TOPICS-MDS) collects uniform information from research projects funded under the Dutch National Care for the Elderly Programme. To compare the effectiveness of these projects a preference-weighted outcome measure that combined multidimensional TOPICS-MDS outcomes into a composite endpoint (TOPICS-CEP) was developed based on the health state preferences of older persons and informal caregivers. To derive preference weights for TOPICS-CEP's components based on health state preferences of healthcare professionals and to investigate whether these weights differ between disciplines and differ from those of older persons and informal caregivers. Vignette studies were conducted. Participants assessed the general wellbeing of older persons described in vignettes on a scale (0-10). Mixed linear analyses were used to obtain and compare the preference weights of the eight TOPICS-CEP components: morbidities, functional limitations, emotional wellbeing, pain experience, cognitive problems, social functioning, self-perceived health, and self-perceived quality of life (QOL). Overall, 330 healthcare professionals, 124 older persons and 76 informal caregivers participated. The preference weights were not significantly different between disciplines. However, the professionals' preference weights differed significantly from those of older persons and informal caregivers. Morbidities and functional limitations were given more weight by older persons and informal caregivers than by healthcare professionals [difference between preference weights: 0.12 and 0.07] while the opposite was true for pain experience, social functioning, and self-perceived QOL [difference between preference weights: 0.13, 0.15 and 0.26]. It is important to recognize the discrepancies between the health state preferences of various stakeholders to (1) correctly interpret results when studying the effectiveness of interventions in elderly care and (2) establish appropriate healthcare policies. Furthermore, we should strive to include older persons in our decision making process through a shared decision making approach."", ""Treating, Fast and Slow: Americans' Understanding of and Responses to Low-Value Care. POLICY POINTS: Effectively addressing low&#x2010;value care calls for engaging the public, including the one&#x2010;third of Americans who currently cannot envision benefits from avoiding low&#x2010;value care. Public awareness of and response to low&#x2010;value care can be enhanced through revised media messaging. These efforts are more effective if they emphasize health risks rather than the financial costs associated with unnecessary tests and treatments. Long&#x2010;term robust public support for addressing low&#x2010;value care may require shifting the focus from particular tests and treatments to emphasize, instead, the potential for better communication and more personalized attention if clinicians spend more time talking and less time testing. As much as 30% of US health care spending may be unnecessary. The Choosing Wisely campaign, now active in a dozen countries, addresses this problem in part through public education campaigns. This article explores Americans&#x2019; understanding of low&#x2010;value care in 2015, assesses the impact of media messaging, and tests alternative message framing. We use a mixed&#x2010;methods design incorporating (1) 8 focus groups exploring Americans&#x2019; understanding of and language for low&#x2010;value care, (2) 48 intensive interviews with patients on their interactions with physicians regarding questions of cost and value, (3) a national survey of 920 respondents examining their awareness of low&#x2010;value care, and (4) a survey experiment with 785 participants, testing the impact of media messages on attitudes about low&#x2010;value care, treatment choices, and selection of a primary care clinician. One&#x2010;third of Americans have difficulty envisioning benefits from avoiding low&#x2010;value care, a figure that increases to half for less educated and minority respondents. Most Americans who anticipate benefits hope that less testing and treatment will be replaced by more interactive and personalized care. Even without media priming, many Americans would avoid common forms of low&#x2010;value care like unnecessary antibiotics or excess imaging for lower back pain, but few favor clinicians who avoid these practices. Although the public's awareness and actions are increased and disparities are reduced by media messaging, conventional messages also exacerbate the blame placed on providers. Avoiding low&#x2010;value care is enhanced, blaming providers is reduced, and disparities are further diminished if messages put more emphasis on the health risks of these tests and treatments. The public's awareness of low&#x2010;value care is incomplete, with substantial disparities related to race, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status. Media messaging can help fill these gaps but, in the short run, would be enhanced by fine&#x2010;tuning how low&#x2010;value care is characterized. In the longer run, building robust public support for reducing low&#x2010;value care may require refocusing attention away from specific tests and treatments and toward the relational benefits for patients if clinicians spent less time on testing and more time on personalized care.""]"
12	18	12_making_decision making_decision_shared decision	['making', 'decision making', 'decision', 'shared decision', 'sdm', 'decisions', 'involvement decision', 'preferences', 'numeracy', 'making preferences']	"[""Did You Get What You Wanted? Patient Satisfaction and Congruence Between Preferred and Perceived Roles in Medical Decision Making in a Hungarian National Survey. In a growing number of countries, patient involvement in medical decisions is considered a cornerstone of broader health policy agendas. This study seeks to explore public preferences for and experiences with participation in treatment decisions in Hungary. A nationally representative online panel survey was conducted in 2019. Outcome measures included the Control Preferences Scale for the preferred and actual role in the decision, the 9-item Shared Decision Making Questionnaire, and a Satisfaction With Decision numeric rating scale. A total of 1000 respondents participated in the study, 424 of whom reported having had a treatment decision in the preceding 6 months. Overall, 8%, 18%, 51%, 19%, and 4% of the population preferred an active, semiactive, shared, semipassive, and passive role in decision making, respectively. Corresponding rates for perceived role were as follows: 9%, 15%, 35%, 26%, and 15%. Preferred and perceived roles matched for 52% of the population, whereas 32% preferred more and 16% less participation. Better health status, attaining role congruence, and higher 9-item Shared Decision Making Questionnaire scores were positively associated with satisfaction, accounting for 32% of the variation in Satisfaction With Decision scores (P &lt; .05). This study represents the first national survey on decisional roles in healthcare in Hungary and, more broadly, in Central and Eastern Europe. Shared decision making is the most preferred decisional role in Hungary; nevertheless, there is still room to improve patient involvement in decision making. It seems that patient satisfaction may be improved through tailoring the decisional role to reflect patients' preferences and through practices that encourage shared decision making."", ""Preference for shared decision-making among Arabic-speaking people with chronic diseases: a cross-sectional study. To assess Arabic-speaking patients' preference for involvement in decision-making in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and characterise people who preferred involvement in decision-making. Cross-sectional quantitative study. The conduct and reporting of this research complied with Strengthening the Reporting of Observational Studies in Epidemiology guidelines for cross-sectional studies. Participants were recruited from outpatient clinics of 10 major hospitals in four cities in the UAE: Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sharjah and Umm al Quwain. Adult patients with at least one chronic disease completed a cross-sectional survey consisting of 37 items in six sections measuring variables that may influence preferred involvement in decision-making. These included health literacy, health status, unanswered questions about care and satisfaction with treatment decisions. Bivariate and multivariate analyses were performed to determine the predictors of patients' preferred involvement in decision-making. A total of 516 participants completed the survey. One-in-four participants preferred shared decision-making. Preferred involvement in decision-making was more frequent among women, not married, unemployed, people who rarely/never had unanswered questions and participants with anxiety/depression symptoms. After adjustment, not being married (OR=1.634; 95% CI 1.049 to 2.544) remained as a predictor of preferred involvement in decision-making, while having unanswered questions (OR=0.612; 95% CI 0.393 to 0.954) and problems in self-care were predictors of a preference for paternalistic decision-making (OR=0.423; 95% CI 0.181 to 0.993). Contrary to the results from Western countries, this study showed that a majority of Arabic-speaking patients with chronic diseases preferred a paternalistic decision-making model. At the same time, some subgroups of Arabic-speaking people (eg, women, unemployed patients) had a higher preference for participation in decision-making. Physicians' support and changes in healthcare systems are required to foster Arabic-speaking patients' involvement in treatment decision-making process."", ""Patient involvement in decision-making: a cross-sectional study in a Malaysian primary care clinic. Shared decision-making has been advocated as a useful model for patient management. In developing Asian countries such as Malaysia, there is a common belief that patients prefer a passive role in clinical consultation. As such, the objective of this study was to determine Malaysian patients' role preference in decision-making and the associated factors. A cross-sectional study. Study was conducted at an urban primary care clinic in Malaysia in 2012. Patients aged &gt;21 years were chosen using systematic random sampling. Consenting patients answered a self-administered questionnaire, which included demographic data and their preferred and actual role before and after consultation. Doctors were asked to determine patients' role preference. The Control Preference Scale was used to assess patients' role preference. Prevalence of patients' preferred role in decision-making. (1) Actual role played by the patient in decision-making. (2) Sociodemographic factors associated with patients' preferred role in decision-making. (3) Doctors' perception of patients' involvement in decision-making. The response rate was 95.1% (470/494). Shared decision-making was preferred by 51.9% of patients, followed by passive (26.3%) and active (21.8%) roles in decision-making. Higher household income was significantly associated with autonomous role preference (p=0.018). Doctors' perception did not concur with patients' preferred role. Among patients whom doctors perceived to prefer a passive role, 73.5% preferred an autonomous role (p=0.900, &#x3ba;=0.006). The majority of patients attending the primary care clinic preferred and played an autonomous role in decision-making. Doctors underestimated patients' preference to play an autonomous role.""]"
13	17	13_parents_genetic testing_personal utility_preferences	['parents', 'genetic testing', 'personal utility', 'preferences', 'tree nut', 'nut', 'peanut', 'wgs', 'penetrance', 'utility']	"['Parents\' attitudes toward pediatric genetic testing for common disease risk. To describe parents\' attitudes toward pediatric genetic testing for common, adult-onset health conditions and to identify factors underlying these attitudes. Parents (n = 219) enrolled in a large, group-practice health plan were offered a ""multiplex"" genetic test for susceptibility to 8 common, adult-onset health conditions and completed an online survey assessing attitudes and beliefs about the risks and benefits of the test for their child, their willingness to consider having their child tested, and other psychosocial variables. Parents viewed the benefits of pediatric testing to outweigh its risks (positive decisional balance) and were moderately interested in pediatric testing. Variables associated with positive decisional balance included greater interest in knowing about gene-health associations in their child, anticipation of less difficulty understanding their child\'s genetic health risks, and more positive emotional reactions to learning about their child\'s decreased health risks (adjusted R(2) = 0.33, P &lt; .0001). Similarly, variables associated with greater parental willingness to test were being a mother (versus being a father), greater perceived risk of diseases in their child, greater interest in knowing about gene-health relationships in their child, anticipating less difficulty learning about their child\'s genetic health risks, anticipating more positive emotional reactions to learning about their child\'s decreased health risks, and positive decisional balance (adjusted R(2) = 0.57, P &lt; .0001). As genetic susceptibility testing for common, adult-onset health conditions proliferates, pediatricians should anticipate parents\' interest in testing children and be prepared to facilitate informed decision making about such testing.', ""Societal preferences for the return of incidental findings from clinical genomic sequencing: a discrete-choice experiment. An important challenge with the application of next-generation sequencing technology is the possibility of uncovering incidental genomic findings. A paucity of evidence on personal utility for incidental findings has hindered clinical guidelines. Our objective was to estimate personal utility for complex information derived from incidental genomic findings. We used a discrete-choice experiment to evaluate participants' personal utility for the following attributes: disease penetrance, disease treatability, disease severity, carrier status and cost. Study participants were drawn from the Canadian public. We analyzed the data with a mixed logit model. In total, 1200 participants completed our questionnaire (available in English and French). Participants valued receiving information about high-penetrance disorders but expressed disutility for receiving information on low-penetrance disorders. The average willingness to pay was $445 (95% confidence interval [CI] $322-$567) to receive incidental findings in a scenario where clinicians returned information about high-penetrance, medically treatable disorders, but only 66% of participants (95% CI 63%-71%) indicated that they would choose to receive information in that scenario. On average, participants placed an important value ($725, 95% CI $600-$850) on having a choice about what type of findings they would receive, including receipt of information about high-penetrance, treatable disorders or receipt of information about high-penetrance disorders with or without available treatment. The predicted uptake of that scenario was 76% (95% CI 72%-79%). Most participants valued receiving incidental findings, but personal utility depended on the type of finding, and not all participants wanted to receive incidental results, regardless of the potential health implications. These results indicate that to maximize benefit, participant-level preferences should inform the decision about whether to return incidental findings."", ""A Systematic Review of Discrete Choice Experiments and Conjoint Analysis on Genetic Testing. Although genetic testing has the potential to offer promising medical benefits, concerns regarding its potential negative impacts may influence its acceptance. Users and providers need to weigh the benefits, costs and potential harms before deciding whether to take up or recommend genetic testing. Attribute-based stated-preference methods, such as discrete choice experiment (DCE) or conjoint analysis, can help to quantify how individuals value different features of genetic testing. The aim of this paper was to conduct a systematic review of DCE and conjoint analysis studies on genetic testing, including genomic tests. A systematic search was conducted in seven databases: Web of Science, CINAHL Plus with Full Text (EBSCO), PsycINFO, PubMed, Embase, The Cochrane Library and SCOPUS. The search was conducted in February 2021 and was limited to English peer-reviewed articles published until the search date. The search keywords included relevant keywords such as 'genetic testing', 'genomic testing', 'pharmacogenetic testing', 'discrete choice experiment' and 'conjoint analysis'. Narrative synthesis of the studies was conducted on survey population, testing type, recruitment and data collection, survey development, questionnaire content, survey validity, analysis, outcomes and other design features. Of the 292 articles retrieved, 38 full-text articles were included in this review. Nearly two-thirds of the studies were published since 2015 and all were conducted in high-income countries. Survey samples included patients, parents, general population and healthcare providers. The articles assessed preferences for pharmacogenetic testing (28.9%), predictive testing and diagnostic testing (18.4%), while only one (2.6%) study investigated preferences for carrier testing. The most common sampling method was convenience sampling (57.9%) and the majority recruited participants via web-enabled surveys (60.5%). Review of literature (84.6%), discussions with healthcare professionals (71.8%) and cognitive interviews (53.8%) were commonly used for attribute identification. A survey validity test was included in only one-quarter of the studies (28.2%). Cost attributes were the most studied attribute type (76.9%), followed by risk attributes (61.5%). Among those that reported relative attribute importance, attributes related to benefits were the most commonly reported attributes with the highest relative attribute importance. Preference heterogeneity was investigated in most studies by modelling, such as via mixed logit analysis (82.1%) and/or by using interaction effects with respondent characteristics (74.4%). Willingness to pay was the most commonly estimated outcome and was presented in about two-thirds (n&#xa0;=&#xa0;25; 64.1%) of the studies. With the continuous advancement in genetic technology resulting in expanding options for genetic testing and improvements in delivery methods, the application of genetic testing in clinical care is expected to rise. DCEs and conjoint analysis remain robust and useful methods to elicit preferences of potential stakeholders. This review serves as a summary for future researchers when designing similar studies.""]"
14	16	14_trials_trial_randomized_sample	['trials', 'trial', 'randomized', 'sample', 'randomization', 'pragmatic', 'benefit risk', 'trial design', 'sample size', 'rcts']	"['The Application of Preference Elicitation Methods in Clinical Trial Design to Quantify Trade-Offs: A Scoping Review. Patients can express preferences for different treatment options in a healthcare context, and these can be measured with quantitative preference elicitation methods. Our objective was to conduct a scoping review to determine how preference elicitation methods have been used in the design of clinical trials. We conducted a scoping review to identify primary research studies, involving any health condition, that used quantitative preference elicitation methods, including direct utility-based approaches, and stated preference studies, to value health trade-offs in the context of clinical trial design. Studies were identified by screening existing systematic and scoping reviews and with a primary literature search in MEDLINE from 2010 to the present. We extracted study characteristics and the application of preference elicitation methods to clinical trial design according to the SPIRIT checklist from primary studies and summarized the findings descriptively. We identified 18 eligible studies. The included studies applied patient preferences to five areas of clinical trial design: intervention selection (n = 1), designing N-of-1 trials (n = 1), outcome selection and weighting composite and ordinal outcomes (n = 12), sample size calculations (n = 2), and recruitment (n = 2). Using preference elicitation methods led to different decisions being made, such as using preference-weighted composite outcomes instead of equally weighted composite outcomes. Preference elicitation methods are infrequently used to design clinical trials but may lead to changes throughout the trial that could affect the evidence generated. Future work should consider measurement challenges and explore stakeholder perceptions.', 'Understanding preferences regarding consent for pragmatic trials in acute care. There has been debate about the role of consent in pragmatic trials comparing qualitatively similar interventions. Consent preferences may differ in acute care contexts, given severe illness, time constraints, and other barriers to consent. In addition, studies have not assessed the impact of disclosing financial considerations as a justification for trials. This study was designed to assess preferences of the general public regarding consent for a pragmatic trial in ST-elevation myocardial infarction. This survey was completed using an online, probability-based panel representative of the US population. It incorporated a randomized, experimental (2&#x2009;&#xd7;&#x2009;2) design assessing (1) preference for written consent versus an alternative (notification after enrollment or brief verbal consent) and (2) impact of including cost as a motivating factor for the trial. The survey used a scenario based on a recent pragmatic trial in ST-elevation myocardial infarction. Primary independent variables were personal preference and recommendation as a member of a review board regarding written consent versus the assigned alternative strategy and personal attitude toward trial enrollment. Descriptive analyses were conducted using post-stratification weights. Regression models were created to examine relationships between demographic variables and consent preference and willingness to enroll. Provision of cost information was incorporated into a regression model to examine its impact on consent preference. The study included 2027 participants. Of those participants, 51.1% versus 45.8% stated a personal preference for written consent versus notification after enrollment; however, 60.0% versus 35.5% preferred brief verbal consent to written consent. Even among respondents stating they would be unlikely to enroll in the trial if asked, more respondents (50.6%) preferred brief verbal consent. The preference for verbal consent was generally shared across demographic categories, although lower educational attainment was associated with reduced acceptance (p&#x2009;=&#x2009;0.001 for trend). Respondents were more likely to support an alternative to written consent when asked their personal preference than when asked their recommendation as a member of a review board. The provision of cost information did not have a meaningful effect on consent preferences, attitudes toward enrollment, or views about the study. Respondents generally supported prospective involvement in enrollment decisions in the setting of acute myocardial infarction and were particularly supportive of brief verbal consent. This support persisted across demographic categories. The finding that individuals were more likely to support alternatives to written consent when asked for a personal preference rather than as a ""committee member"" suggests that conservative institutional approaches to consent could hinder implementation of more patient-centered approaches. The role of cost transparency in consent discussions warrants further study.', ""Effect of Treatment Preference in Randomized Controlled Trials: Systematic Review of the Literature and Meta-Analysis. A significant limitation of the traditional randomized controlled trials is that strong preferences for (or against) one treatment may influence outcomes and/or willingness to receive treatment. Several trial designs incorporating patient preference have been introduced to examine the effect of treatment preference separately from the effects of individual interventions. In the current study, we summarized results from studies using doubly randomized preference trial (DRPT) or fully randomized preference trial (FRPT) designs and examined the effect of treatment preference on clinical outcomes. The current systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. Studies using DRPT or FRPT design were identified using electronic databases, including PubMed, Cochrane Library, EMBASE, and Google Scholar between January 1989 and November 2018. All studies included in this meta-analysis were examined to determine the extent to which giving patients their preferred treatment option influenced clinical outcomes. The following data were extracted from included studies: study characteristics, sample size, study duration, follow-up, patient characteristics, and clinical outcomes. We further appraised risk of bias for the included studies using the Cochrane Collaboration's risk of bias tool. The search identified 374 potentially relevant articles, of which 27 clinical trials utilized a DRPT or FRPT design and were included in the final analysis. Overall, patients who were allocated to their preferred treatment intervention were more likely to achieve better clinical outcomes [effect size (ES)&#x2009;=&#x2009;0.18, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.10-0.26]. Subgroup analysis also found that mental health as well as pain and functional disorders moderated the preference effect (ES&#x2009;=&#x2009;0.23, 95% CI 0.11-0.36, and ES&#x2009;=&#x2009;0.09, 95% CI 0.03-0.15, respectively). Matching patients to preferred interventions has previously been shown to promote outcomes such as satisfaction and treatment adherence. Our analysis of current evidence showed that allowing patients to choose their preferred treatment resulted in better clinical outcomes in mental health and pain than giving them a treatment that is not preferred. These results underline the importance of incorporating patient preference when making treatment decisions.""]"
15	16	15_bladder_oab_urinary_overactive bladder	['bladder', 'oab', 'urinary', 'overactive bladder', 'prostatic', 'urinary tract', 'prostatic hyperplasia', 'urethral', 'benign prostatic', 'benign']	['Effectiveness of a web-based treatment decision aid for men with lower urinary tract symptoms due to benign prostatic hyperplasia. To evaluate the effectiveness of a web-based decision aid (DA), with values clarification exercises compared with usual care, for men with lower urinary tract symptoms due to benign prostatic hyperplasia (LUTS/BPH). Between July 2016 and January 2017, all new patients with LUTS/BPH who consulted the urologist were invited to use the DA and participate in this prospective questionnaire study. Patients who consulted the urologist between December 2015 and February 2016 served as controls. The DA was designed to support patients in making a well-informed treatment decision, corresponding with their personal preferences and values. Well-informed decision was measured by using a knowledge questionnaire. Value congruent decision was measured by the correspondence between responses on nine value statements and chosen treatment. The primary outcome, decision quality, was defined as the combination of well-informed decision and value congruent decision. Secondary outcomes were decisional conflict, involvement and received role in shared decision-making, decisional regret, and treatment choice. A total of 109 DA-users and 108 controls were included. DA-users were younger (68.4 vs 71.5 years; P = 0.003) and their education level was higher (P = 0.047) compared with the controls. Patients who used the DA made a well-informed and value congruent decision more often than the control group (43% vs 21%; P = 0.028). DA-users had less decisional conflict (score 33.2 vs 46.6; P = 0.003), experienced a less passive role in decision-making (22% vs 41%; P = 0.038), and reported less process regret (score 2.4 vs 2.8; P = 0.034). Furthermore, DA-users who had not used prior medication chose lifestyle advices more often than the control group (43% vs 11%; P = 0.002). Outcomes were adjusted for significantly different baseline characteristics. The LUTS/BPH DA seems to improve the decision quality by supporting patients in making more well-informed and value congruent treatment decisions. Therefore, further implementation of this DA into routine care is suggested.', 'Patient preference elicitation instrument, OABCare, to facilitate shared decision-making in the care of overactive bladder. To describe the development&#xa0;and feasibility of a preference elicitation instrument, OABCare, using choice-based adaptive conjoint analysis (ACA) among patients with overactive bladder (OAB). This was a two-phase study. In Phase 1, an extensive literature review along with patient and provider focus groups yielded the attributes and levels for our OABCare instrument. The hierarchical Bayesian random-effects model generated utilities and mean relative importance scores of treatment attributes. Phase 2 consisted of a cohort study to assess the association between OAB treatment uptake and treatment attributes elicited from OABCare, using generalized linear models. Literature review&#xa0;and provider and patient focus groups in Phase 1 yielded themes related to OAB management that were used to develop 11 attributes for the ACA instrument. For Phase 2 of the study, 108 patients were recruited who completed the OABCare instrument. Results showed that the top five attributes with the highest mean utility values were caregiver burden, impaired bladder function, social interaction constraints, treatment side effects, and use of pads. In addition, impaired bladder function (odds ratio [OR]&#x2009;=&#x2009;1.25, 95% confidence interval [CI]&#x2009;=&#x2009;1.1, 2.1), disturbed sleep (OR&#x2009;=&#x2009;1.24, 95% CI&#x2009;=&#x2009;1.04, 1.47), social interaction constraints (OR&#x2009;=&#x2009;1.12, 95% CI&#x2009;=&#x2009;1.05, 1.32), and out-of-pocket costs (OR&#x2009;=&#x2009;0.79, 95 % CI&#x2009;=&#x2009;0.61, 0.94) were associated with OAB treatment uptake. Our ACA-based instrument, OABCare, is a feasible and acceptable tool for assessing preferences in OAB patients. Preference assessment can facilitate shared decision-making and may enhance the quality of OAB care. Future work will evaluate the OABCare instrument in different subgroups based on sociodemographic, clinical, and treatment characteristics, and its integration into clinical care settings.', 'Open urethroplasty versus endoscopic urethrotomy--clarifying the management of men with recurrent urethral stricture (the OPEN trial): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial. Urethral stricture is a common cause of difficulty passing urine in men with prevalence of 0.5 %; about 62,000 men in the UK. The stricture is usually sited in the bulbar part of the urethra causing symptoms such as reduced urine flow. Initial treatment is typically by endoscopic urethrotomy but recurrence occurs in about 60% of men within 2 years. The best treatment for men with recurrent bulbar stricture is uncertain. Repeat endoscopic urethrotomy opens the narrowing but it usually scars up again within 2 years requiring repeated procedures. The alternative of open urethroplasty involves surgically reconstructing the urethra, which may need an oral mucosal graft. It is a specialist procedure with a longer recovery period but may give lower risk of recurrence. In the absence of firm evidence as to which is best, individual men have to trade off the invasiveness and possible benefit of each option. Their preference will be influenced by individual social circumstances, availability of local expertise and clinician guidance. The open urethroplasty versus endoscopic urethrotomy (OPEN) trial aims to better guide the choice of treatment for men with recurrent urethral strictures by comparing benefit over 2 years in terms of symptom control and need for further treatment. OPEN is a pragmatic, UK multicentre, randomised trial. Men with recurrent bulbar urethral strictures (at least one previous treatment) will be randomised to undergo endoscopic urethrotomy or open urethroplasty. Participants will be followed for 24 months after randomisation, measuring symptoms, flow rate, the need for re-intervention, health-related quality of life, and costs. The primary clinical outcome is the difference in symptom control over 24 months measured by the area under the curve (AUC) of a validated score. The trial has been powered at 90% with a type I error rate of 5% to detect a 0.1 difference in AUC measured on a 0-1 scale. The analysis will be based on all participants as randomised (intention-to-treat). The primary economic outcome is the incremental cost per quality-adjusted life year. A qualitative study will assess willingness to be randomised and hence ability to recruit to the trial. The OPEN Trial seeks to clarify relative benefit of the current options for surgical treatment of recurrent bulbar urethral stricture which differ in their invasiveness and resources required. Our feasibility study identified that participation would be limited by patient preference and differing recruitment styles of general and specialist urologists. We formulated and implemented effective strategies to address these issues in particular by inviting participation as close as possible to diagnosis. In addition re-calculation of sample size as recruitment progressed allowed more efficient design given the limited target population and funding constraints. Recruitment is now to target. ISRCTN98009168 Date of registration: 29 November 2012.']
16	15	16_fertility_prenatal_fertility treatment_counseling	['fertility', 'prenatal', 'fertility treatment', 'counseling', 'decision making', 'counselling', 'embryo transfer', 'antenatal', 'pregnancy', 'antenatal counselling']	"['Societal preferences for fertility treatment in Australia: a stated preference discrete choice experiment. <b>Objective:</b> To investigate preferences for fertility treatment from the Australian general population with the aims of calculating the willingness to pay in tax contribution for attributes (characteristics) that make up treatment and for an ""ideal"" fertility treatment program. We also assessed whether willingness-to-pay varies by the relationship status or sexual orientation of the patient.<b>Methods:</b> A stated preference discrete choice experiment was administered to a panel of 801 individuals representative of the Australian general population. Seven attributes of fertility treatment under three broad categories were included: outcome, process, and cost. Attributes were identified through published literature, focus group discussions, expert knowledge, and a pilot study. A Bayesian fractional experimental design was used, and data analysis was performed using a generalized multinomial logit model. Further analyses included interaction terms and latent class modeling.<b>Results:</b> Six of the seven attributes influenced the choice of a treatment program. Under process attributes, individuals preferred: continuity of care of clinic staff, where patients are seen by the same doctor but different nurses at each visit; ""alternative"" treatments being offered to all patients; and onsite clinic counseling and peer-support groups. Personalization and tailoring of the treatment journey were not important. Among outcome attributes, the improved success rate of having a baby per cycle and significant side-effects were considered important. Cost of treatment also influenced the choice of treatment program. Individual preferences for fertility treatment were not associated with patients\' relationship status or sexual orientation. Latent class modeling revealed sub-groups with distinct fertility treatment preferences.<b>Conclusion:</b> This study provides important insights into the attributes that influence the preferences of fertility treatment in Australia. It also estimates socially-inclusive willingness-to-pay values in tax contributions for an ""ideal"" package of treatment. The results can inform economic evaluations of fertility treatment programs.', ""Midwives' views on appropriate antenatal counselling for congenital anomaly tests: do they match clients' preferences? this study aims to provide insight into: (a) midwives' views on appropriate antenatal counselling for congenital anomaly tests, and (b) whether these views match clients' preferences regarding antenatal counselling. a comparative (midwives versus clients) questionnaire survey. Cognitive interviews (n=8) were used to validate the internal validity of the midwifery questionnaire results. 1416 Dutch midwives (response 62%) completed a questionnaire measuring their views on appropriate antenatal counselling for congenital anomaly tests. we used the 58-item midwives' version of the QUOTE (prenatal), an instrument to assess clients' counselling preferences. Descriptive statistics were used to explore midwives' views on appropriate counselling and how these relate to client preferences as measured previously with the clients' version of the QUOTE (prenatal). almost all midwives consider the client-midwife relation (100%) and health education (95%) to be (very) important for appropriate antenatal counselling for congenital anomaly tests. Almost half of the midwives consider decision-making support (47%) to be (very) important. These findings are practically congruent with client preferences. Still, clinically relevant differences were found regarding 13 individual items, e.g. more clients than midwives value 'medical information about congenital anomalies' and 'getting advice whether to take prenatal tests or not'. like clients, most midwives value a good client-midwife relation and health education as (very) important for antenatal counselling for congenital anomaly tests. Less than half of them value decision-making support. These findings are in contrast with the literature in which decision-making support is seen as the most important part of antenatal counselling for congenital anomaly tests. preferably, antenatal counselling for congenital anomaly tests should be consistent with the three-function model of antenatal counselling i.e. maintaining a client-midwife relation, providing health education as well as decision-making support, and tailored to clients' individual preferences. As not all midwives subscribe to these functions, reflection on their views is important. Furthermore, midwives need to bridge their views on appropriate antenatal counselling and client preferences. To do so, midwives may benefit from the Shared Decision Making approach."", ""Elective freezing of embryos versus fresh embryo transfer in IVF: a multicentre randomized controlled trial in the UK (E-Freeze). Does a policy of elective freezing of embryos, followed by frozen embryo transfer result in a higher healthy baby rate, after first embryo transfer, when compared with the current policy of transferring fresh embryos? This study, although limited by sample size, provides no evidence to support the adoption of a routine policy of elective freeze in preference to fresh embryo transfer in order to improve IVF effectiveness in obtaining a healthy baby. The policy of freezing all embryos followed by frozen embryo transfer is associated with a higher live birth rate for high responders but a similar/lower live birth after first embryo transfer and cumulative live birth rate for normal responders. Frozen embryo transfer is associated with a lower risk of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS), preterm delivery and low birthweight babies but a higher risk of large babies and pre-eclampsia. There is also uncertainty about long-term outcomes, hence shifting to a policy of elective freezing for all remains controversial given the delay in treatment and extra costs involved in freezing all embryos. A pragmatic two-arm parallel randomized controlled trial (E-Freeze) was conducted across 18 clinics in the UK from 2016 to 2019. A total of 619 couples were randomized (309 to elective freeze/310 to fresh). The primary outcome was a healthy baby after first embryo transfer (term, singleton live birth with appropriate weight for gestation); secondary outcomes included OHSS, live birth, clinical pregnancy, pregnancy complications and cost-effectiveness. Couples undergoing their first, second or third cycle of IVF/ICSI treatment, with at least three good quality embryos on Day 3 where the female partner was &#x2265;18 and &lt;42&#x2009;years of age were eligible. Those using donor gametes, undergoing preimplantation genetic testing or planning to freeze all their embryos were excluded. IVF/ICSI treatment was carried out according to local protocols. Women were followed up for pregnancy outcome after first embryo transfer following randomization. Of the 619 couples randomized, 307 and 309 couples in the elective freeze and fresh transfer arms, respectively, were included in the primary analysis. There was no evidence of a statistically significant difference in outcomes in the elective freeze group compared to the fresh embryo transfer group: healthy baby rate {20.3% (62/307) versus 24.4% (75/309); risk ratio (RR), 95% CI: 0.84, 0.62 to 1.15}; OHSS (3.6% versus 8.1%; RR, 99% CI: 0.44, 0.15 to 1.30); live birth rate (28.3% versus 34.3%; RR, 99% CI 0.83, 0.65 to 1.06); and miscarriage (14.3% versus 12.9%; RR, 99% CI: 1.09, 0.72 to 1.66). Adherence to allocation was poor in the elective freeze group. The elective freeze approach was more costly and was unlikely to be cost-effective in a UK National Health Service context. We have only reported on first embryo transfer after randomization; data on the cumulative live birth rate requires further follow-up. Planned target sample size was not obtained and the non-adherence to allocation rate was high among couples in the elective freeze arm owing to patient preference for fresh embryo transfer, but an analysis which took non-adherence into account showed similar results. Results from the E-Freeze trial do not lend support to the policy of electively freezing all for everyone, taking both efficacy, safety and costs considerations into account. This method should only be adopted if there is a definite clinical indication. NIHR Health Technology Assessment programme (13/115/82). This research was funded by the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR) (NIHR unique award identifier) using UK aid from the UK Government to support global health research. The views expressed in this publication are those of the author(s) and not necessarily those of the NIHR or the UK Department of Health and Social Care. J.L.B., C.C., E.J., P.H., J.J.K., L.L. and G.S. report receipt of funding from NIHR, during the conduct of the study. J.L.B., E.J., P.H., K.S. and L.L. report receipt of funding from NIHR, during the conduct of the study and outside the submitted work. A.M. reports grants from NIHR personal fees from Merck Serono, personal fees for lectures from Merck Serono, Ferring and Cooks outside the submitted work; travel/meeting support from Ferring and Pharmasure and participation in a Ferring advisory board. S.B. reports receipt of royalties and licenses from Cambridge University Press, a board membership role for NHS Grampian and other financial or non-financial interests related to his roles as Editor-in-Chief of Human Reproduction Open and Editor and Contributing Author of Reproductive Medicine for the MRCOG, Cambridge University Press. D.B. reports grants from NIHR, during the conduct of the study; grants from European Commission, grants from Diabetes UK, grants from NIHR, grants from ESHRE, grants from MRC, outside the submitted work. Y.C. reports speaker fees from Merck Serono, and advisory board role for Merck Serono and shares in Complete Fertility. P.H. reports membership of the HTA Commissioning Committee. E.J. reports membership of the NHS England and NIHR Partnership Programme, membership of five Data Monitoring Committees (Chair of two), membership of six Trial Steering Committees (Chair of four), membership of the Northern Ireland Clinical Trials Unit Advisory Group and Chair of the board of Oxford Brain Health Clinical Trials Unit. R.M. reports consulting fees from Gedeon Richter, honorarium from Merck, support fees for attendance at educational events and conferences for Merck, Ferring, Bessins and Gedeon Richter, payments for participation on a Merck Safety or Advisory Board, Chair of the British Fertility Society and payments for an advisory role to the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority. G.S. reports travel and accommodation fees for attendance at a health economic advisory board from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. N.R.-F. reports shares in Nurture Fertility. Other authors' competing interests: none declared. ISRCTN: 61225414. 29 December 2015. 16 February 2016.""]"
17	15	17_choice_dces_discrete choice_choice experiments	['choice', 'dces', 'discrete choice', 'choice experiments', 'dashboard', 'linked data', 'preferences', 'survey', 'attributes', 'choice experiment']	"[""Mobilising the Next Generation of Stated-Preference Studies: the Association of Access Device with Choice Behaviour and Data Quality. Literature reviews show stated-preference studies, used to understand the values individuals place on health and health care, are increasingly administered online, potentially maximising respondent access and allowing for enhanced response quality. Online respondents may often choose whether to use a desktop or laptop personal computer (PC), tablet or smartphone, all with different screen sizes and modes of data entry, to complete the survey. To avoid differences in measurement errors, frequently respondents are asked to complete the surveys on a PC despite evidence that handheld devices are increasingly used for internet browsing. As yet, it is unknown if or how the device used to access the survey affects responses and/or the subsequent valuations derived. This study uses data from a discrete choice experiment (DCE) administered online to elicit preferences of a general population sample of females for a national breast screening programme. The analysis explores differences in key outcomes such as completion rates, engagement with the survey materials, respondent characteristics, response time, failure of an internal validity test and health care preferences for (1) handheld devices and (2) PC users. Preferences were analysed using a fully correlated random parameter logit (RPL) model to allow for unexplained scale and preference heterogeneity. One thousand respondents completed the survey in its entirety. The most popular access devices were PCs (n&#x2009;=&#x2009;785), including Windows (n&#x2009;=&#x2009;705) and Macbooks (n&#x2009;=&#x2009;69). Two-hundred and fifteen respondents accessed the survey on a handheld device. Most outcomes related to survey behaviour, including failure of a dominance check, 'flat lining', self-reported attribute non-attendance (ANA) or respondent-rated task difficulty, did not differ by device type (p&#x2009;&gt;&#x2009;0.100). Respondents accessing the survey using a PC were generally quicker (median time to completion 14.5&#xa0;min compared with 16&#xa0;min for those using handheld devices) and were significantly less likely to speed through a webpage. Although there was evidence of preference intensity (taste) or variability (scale) heterogeneity across respondents in the sample, it was not driven by the access device. Overall, we find that neither preferences nor choice behaviour is associated with the type of access device, as long as respondents are presented with question formats that are easy to use on small touchscreens. Health preference researchers should optimise preference instruments for a range of devices and encourage respondents to complete the surveys using their preferred device. However, we suggest that access device characteristics should be gathered and included when reporting results."", ""Using Discrete Choice Experiments to Inform the Benefit-Risk Assessment of Medicines: Are We Ready Yet? There is emerging interest in the use of discrete choice experiments as a means of quantifying the perceived balance between benefits and risks (quantitative benefit-risk assessment) of new healthcare interventions, such as medicines, under assessment by regulatory agencies. For stated preference data on benefit-risk assessment to be used in regulatory decision making, the methods to generate these data must be valid, reliable and capable of producing meaningful estimates understood by decision makers. Some reporting guidelines exist for discrete choice experiments, and for related methods such as conjoint analysis. However, existing guidelines focus on reporting standards, are general in focus and do not consider the requirements for using discrete choice experiments specifically for quantifying benefit-risk assessments in the context of regulatory decision making. This opinion piece outlines the current state of play in using discrete choice experiments for benefit-risk assessment and proposes key areas needing to be addressed to demonstrate that discrete choice experiments are an appropriate and valid stated preference elicitation method in this context. Methodological research is required to establish: how robust the results of discrete choice experiments are to formats and methods of risk communication; how information in the discrete choice experiment can be presented effectually to respondents; whose preferences should be elicited; the correct underlying utility function and analytical model; the impact of heterogeneity in preferences; and the generalisability of the results. We believe these methodological issues should be addressed, alongside developing a 'reference case', before agencies can safely and confidently use discrete choice experiments for quantitative benefit-risk assessment in the context of regulatory decision making for new medicines and healthcare products."", 'Risk as an attribute in discrete choice experiments: a systematic review of the literature. Discrete choice experiments (DCEs) are used to elicit preferences of current and future patients and healthcare professionals about how they value different aspects of healthcare. Risk is an integral part of most healthcare decisions. Despite the use of risk attributes in DCEs consistently being highlighted as an area for further research, current methods of incorporating risk attributes in DCEs have not been reviewed explicitly. This study aimed to systematically identify published healthcare DCEs that incorporated a risk attribute, summarise and appraise methods used to present and analyse risk attributes, and recommend best practice regarding including, analysing and transparently reporting the methodology supporting risk attributes in future DCEs. The Web of Science, MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO and Econlit databases were searched on 18 April 2013 for DCEs that included a risk attribute published since 1995, and on 23 April 2013 to identify studies assessing risk communication in the general (non-DCE) health literature. Healthcare-related DCEs with a risk attribute mentioned or suggested in the title/abstract were obtained and retained in the final review if a risk attribute meeting our definition was included. Extracted data were tabulated and critically appraised to summarise the quality of reporting, and the format, presentation and interpretation of the risk attribute were summarised. This review identified 117 healthcare DCEs that incorporated at least one risk attribute. Whilst there was some evidence of good practice incorporated into the presentation of risk attributes, little evidence was found that developing methods and recommendations from other disciplines about effective methods and validation of risk communication were systematically applied to DCEs. In general, the reviewed DCE studies did not thoroughly report the methodology supporting the explanation of risk in training materials, the impact of framing risk, or exploring the validity of risk communication. The primary limitation of this review was that the methods underlying presentation, format and analysis of risk attributes could only be appraised to the extent that they were reported. Improvements in reporting and transparency of risk presentation from conception to the analysis of DCEs are needed. To define best practice, further research is needed to test how the process of communicating risk affects the way in which people value risk attributes in DCEs.']"
18	15	18_pharmacy_pharmacists_pharmacist_pcp	['pharmacy', 'pharmacists', 'pharmacist', 'pcp', 'pharmacies', 'community pharmacy', 'pharm', 'opioid', 'pcp pharm', 'respondents']	"[""Exploring Patients' Attitudes Toward Deprescribing and Their Perception of Pharmacist Involvement in a European Country: A Cross-Sectional Study. To explore how adult patients perceive deprescribing in a country with developing pharmaceutical care. This was a multicenter cross-sectional study conducted in ten community pharmacies across Croatia. Community-dwelling adults 40 years and older, taking at least one prescription medication long term, were invited to participate. The revised and validated Patients' Attitude Towards Deprescribing Questionnaire was used to investigate community-dwelling adults' opinions on potential medication discontinuation. Questions regarding the patients' perception of pharmacist competences and involvement as well as patients' preferences in deprescribing were added. Collected data were analyzed using IBM SPSS Statistics using descriptive and inferential statistical analysis. Binary logistic regression was used to explore potential predictive factors of willingness to have medication deprescribed. All tests were performed as two-tailed and a p &lt; 0.05 was considered statistically significant. A total of 315 adults aged 40 years and older completed the questionnaire. Majority of participants, 83.81% (95% CI, 79.72% to 87.90%) stated that they were satisfied with their medications, and 83.81% (95% CI, 79.72% to 87.90%) would be willing to deprescribe one or more medications. Participants expressed a positive attitude toward pharmacists' competences (68.89%, 95% CI, 63.75% to 74.03%) and involvement in deprescribing (71.11%, 95% CI, 66.08% to 76.14%). Participants who stated specific medication as deprescribing preference were more likely show dissatisfaction with current medication and show greater willingness to have medication deprescribed. Three factors were found to be associated with a positive attitude towards deprescribing: low concerns about stopping factor score (aOR 0.54, 95% CU=0.35-0.84; p=0.006), low appropriateness factor score (aOR 0.62, 95% CI=0.39-0.98; p=0.039), and a positive opinion on pharmacist involvement (aOR 2.35, 95% CI=1.18-4.70; p= 0.016). This study showed the patient's willingness for deprescription as well as their positive attitude towards pharmacists being involved in the process. Results favour transition to a patient-centred care and shared-decision making model."", 'Patient preferences for objective quality metrics during community pharmacy selection: A discrete choice experiment. Patients select healthcare providers and facilities based on a complex array of factors. Pharmacy-level quality metrics have been discussed as a way to help direct patients towards high-quality pharmacies. Limited research has been conducted on the potential impact of quality metrics on the pharmacy selection process. This study aimed to measure the relative strength of patient preferences for community pharmacy attributes and to describe associations between patient sociodemographic and health characteristics and pharmacy preferences. This study elicited preferences for pharmacy attributes using a discrete choice experiment presenting a scenario in which participants had moved to a new location and needed to select a pharmacy. Six attributes were selected based on published literature, expert opinion, and pilot testing feedback. Attributes were relationship-based (hours of operation, staff friendliness/courtesy, pharmacist communication, pharmacist willingness to establish a personal relationship) or competence-based (overall quality and a drug-drug interaction (DDI) specific quality metric). Participants responded to blocks of 10 random and 2 fixed choice tasks assigned by Sawtooth v9.2. Data were analyzed using conditional logit, and Hierarchical Bayes estimates of individual-level utilities were used to compare preferences across demographic subgroups. Study participants expressed the strongest preferences for competence-based pharmacy attributes, including DDI-specific and overall quality measures (Attribute Importance Values: 40.3% and 31.3%, respectively). Women ascribed higher utility to 5-star DDI and overall quality ratings than men. Rural respondents and those with inadequate health literacy expressed stronger preferences for patient-pharmacist relationships than those in suburban areas and with adequate health literacy, respectively. Respondents exhibited strong preferences for pharmacies with higher competence-based quality ratings, suggesting that they may perceive medication safety to be a key role of community pharmacists. Future research on patient expectations of and preferences for community pharmacies can inform ways to effectively encourage patient engagement with pharmacists to improve health outcomes.', ""Managing Minor Ailments; The Public's Preferences for Attributes of Community Pharmacies. A Discrete Choice Experiment. Demand for health services continues to rise. Greater use of community pharmacy services instead of medical services for minor ailments could help relieve pressure on healthcare providers in high-cost settings. Community pharmacies are recognised sources of treatment and advice for people wishing to manage these ailments. However, increasing the public's use of pharmacy services may depend on attributes of pharmacies and their staff. This study aimed to determine the general public's relative preferences for community pharmacy attributes using a discrete choice experiment (DCE). A UK-wide DCE survey of the general public was conducted using face-to-face computer-assisted personal interviews. Attributes and levels for the DCE were informed by a literature review and a cohort study of community pharmacy customers. The context for the experiment was a minor ailment scenario describing flu-like symptoms. The DCE choice sets described two hypothetical community pharmacy services; respondents were asked to choose which (if either) of the two pharmacies they would prefer to help them manage symptoms. Data from 1,049 interviews were analysed using an error components logit model. Willingness to pay (WTP), a monetary measure of benefit, was estimated for the different attribute levels. When seeking help or treatment for flu-like symptoms, respondents most valued a pharmacy service that would improve their understanding and management of symptoms (WTP = &#xa3;6.28), provided by staff who are trained (WTP (pharmacist) = &#xa3;2.63: WTP(trained assistant) = &#xa3;3.22), friendly and approachable (WTP = &#xa3;3.38). Waiting time, pharmacy location and availability of parking also contributed to respondents' preferences. WTP for a service comprising the best possible combination of attributes and levels was calculated as &#xa3;55.43. Attributes of a community pharmacy and its staff may influence people's decisions about which pharmacy they would visit to access treatment and advice for minor ailments. In line with the public's preferences, offering community pharmacy services that help people to better understand and manage symptoms, are provided promptly by trained staff who are friendly and approachable, and in a local setting with easy access to parking, has the potential to increase uptake amongst those seeking help to manage minor ailments. In this way it may be possible to shift demand away from high-cost health services and make more efficient use of scarce public resources.""]"
19	14	19_consent_informed consent_ecap threshold_informed	['consent', 'informed consent', 'ecap threshold', 'informed', 'participants', 'dmpa', 'threshold profile', 'visual consent', 'consent tool', 'preferences']	"['Patients\' perceived purpose of clinical informed consent: Mill\'s individual autonomy model is preferred. Although informed consent is an integral part of clinical practice, its current doctrine remains mostly a matter of law and mainstream ethics rather than empirical research. There are scarce empirical data on patients\' perceived purpose of informed consent, which may include administrative routine/courtesy gesture, simple honest permission, informed permission, patient-clinician shared decision-making, and enabling patient\'s self decision-making. Different purposes require different processes. We surveyed 488 adults who were planning to undergo or had recently undergone written informed consent-requiring procedures. Perceptions of informed consent purpose (from norm and current practice perspectives) were explored by asking respondents to rank (1 = most reflective) 10 randomly-presented statements: ""meaningless routine"", ""courtesy gesture"" ""litigation protection"", ""take away compensation rights"", ""inform patient\', ""make sure patient understand"", ""document patient\'s decision"", ""discover patient\'s preferences"", ""have shared decision"", and ""help patient decide"". Respondents\' mean (SD) age was 38.3 (12.5); 50.4% were males, 56.8% had &#x2265; college education, and 37.3% had undergone a procedure. From the norm perspective, the least reflective statement was ""meaningless routine"" (ranked 1-3 by 2.6% of respondents) and the most reflective statements were ""help patient decide"", ""make sure patient understand"", and ""inform patient"" (ranked 1-3 by 65%, 60%, and 48% of respondents with median [25%,75%] ranking scores of 2 [1,5], 3 [2,4], and 4 [2,5], respectively). Compared to their counterparts, males and pre-procedure respondents ranked ""help patient decide"" better, whereas females and post-procedure respondents ranked ""inform patient"" better (p = 0.007 to p &lt; 0.001). Age was associated with better ranking of ""help patient decide"" and ""make sure patient understand"" statements (p &lt; 0.001 and p = 0.002, respectively), which were ranked 1-3 by only 46% and 42% of respondents from the current practice perspective (median ranking score 4 [2,6], p &lt; 0.001 vs. norm perspective for both). 1) the informed consent process is important to patients, however, patients vary in their views of its purpose with the dominant view being enabling patients\' self decision-making, 2) males, pre-procedure, and older patients more favor a self decision-making purpose, whereas females and post-procedure patients more favor an information disclosure purpose, and 3) more self decision-making and more effective information disclosure than is currently practiced are desired. An informed consent process consistent with Mill\'s individual autonomy model may be suitable for most patients.', 'Effective Communication of Personalized Risks and Patient Preferences During Surgical Informed Consent Using Data Visualization: Qualitative Semistructured Interview Study With Patients After Surgery. There is no consensus on which risks to communicate to a prospective surgical patient during informed consent or how. Complicating the process, patient preferences may diverge from clinical assumptions and are often not considered for discussion. Such discrepancies can lead to confusion and resentment, raising the potential for legal action. To overcome these issues, we propose a visual consent tool that incorporates patient preferences and communicates personalized risks to patients using data visualization. We used this platform to identify key effective visual elements to communicate personalized surgical risks. Our main focus is to understand how to best communicate personalized risks using data visualization. To contextualize patient responses to the main question, we examine how patients perceive risks before surgery (research question 1), how suitably the visual consent tool is able to present personalized surgical risks (research question 2), how well our visualizations convey those personalized surgical risks (research question 3), and how the visual consent tool could improve the informed consent process and how it can be used (research question 4). We designed a visual consent tool to meet the objectives of our study. To calculate and list personalized surgical risks, we used the American College of Surgeons risk calculator. We created multiple visualization mock-ups using visual elements previously determined to be well-received for risk communication. Semistructured interviews were conducted with patients after surgery, and each of the mock-ups was presented and evaluated independently and in the context of our visual consent tool design. The interviews were transcribed, and thematic analysis was performed to identify major themes. We also applied a quantitative approach to the analysis to assess the prevalence of different perceptions of the visualizations presented in our tool. In total, 20 patients were interviewed, with a median age of 59 (range 29-87) years. Thematic analysis revealed factors that influenced the perception of risk (the surgical procedure, the cognitive capacity of the patient, and the timing of consent; research question 1); factors that influenced the perceived value of risk visualizations (preference for rare event communication, preference for risk visualization, and usefulness of comparison with the average; research question 3); and perceived usefulness and use cases of the visual consent tool (research questions 2 and 4). Most importantly, we found that patients preferred the visual consent tool to current text-based documents and had no unified preferences for risk visualization. Furthermore, our findings suggest that patient concerns were not often represented in existing risk calculators. We identified key elements that influence effective visual risk communication in the perioperative setting and pointed out the limitations of the existing calculators in addressing patient concerns. Patient preference is highly variable and should influence choices regarding risk presentation and visualization.', 'Neural response telemetry reconsidered: I. The relevance of ECAP threshold profiles and scaled profiles to cochlear implant fitting. For more than a decade, Neural Response Telemetry (NRT) has provided direct access to the electrically evoked compound action potential (ECAP) as elicited by the Nucleus cochlear implant. When used clinically during fitting, ECAP threshold profiles are applied by shifting the profile to the audible threshold and comfort level boundaries (the T- and C-level profiles, respectively). The resulting profiles, to date, have matched the curvature of the ECAP threshold profile exactly. When compared with psychophysical profiles, previous studies have shown that this approach incurs errors in program levels that are no better than flat or population mean profiles. However, C-level profiles are observed to be flatter than T-level profiles. Accordingly, ECAP threshold profiles are flattened in this study when applied at increasing stimulus levels, and the effectiveness of this approach is evaluated among other methods. In phase I, ECAP thresholds (via AutoNRT) and T- and C-levels were measured from 15 adult Nucleus Freedom implantees. Psychophysical levels were measured using pulse train stimuli at six different stimulation rates, spanning 80 to 3500 Hz. The different rates spread T- and C-levels across a range of stimulus levels. At each of these levels, a scaling factor of best fit was calculated such that the shifted ECAP threshold profile, when scaled (0 giving a flat profile, 1 giving an unmodified profile), gave the best fit to the corresponding psychophysical profile. From the 148 such T- and C-level profiles, a single profile scaling model was determined by a simple linear regression. In phase II, the model was tested on data using three separate stimulation rates (250, 900, and 2400 Hz) and 14 additional subjects. The root mean square psychophysical level mismatch of the ECAP threshold profile, the scaled ECAP threshold profile, a flat profile, and a mean population profile was calculated per subject and per stimulation rate, and the differences in the means of these calculations were compared. In phase III, 13 separate subjects evaluated the scaled ECAP-based program during a 2 wk trial, comparing the new program to a flat program and a conventional ECAP-based program with unmodified ECAP threshold profiles. A questionnaire captured their subjective preferences. In phase I, the profile scaling model constructed from the data prescribed a flattening of the ECAP threshold profile with increasing mean T- or C-level (in CL units): scale = 1.38 - 0.0043 PsychoMean. In phase II, the scaled ECAP-based profiles were found to fit the psychophysical profiles significantly better in all test configurations (typically of the order of 5% dynamic range) compared with all other profiles. In phase III, 62% of subjects preferred the scaled ECAP-based program, whereas 8% preferred the conventional ECAP-based program, 15% the flat program and 15% had no preference. Analyses of the questionnaires revealed significantly higher ratings for the scaled ECAP-based programs, whereas the conventional ECAP-based programs were not rated differently than the flat programs. The scaled ECAP threshold profile method provides a clinically significant enhancement to ECAP-based fitting methods, confirming the value of the ECAP threshold profile to cochlear implant fitting.']"
20	14	20_sdm_decision_making_decision making	['sdm', 'decision', 'making', 'decision making', 'shared decision', 'making sdm', 'care professionals', 'care', 'clinicians', 'decisions']	"['Shared decision making in the safety net: where do we go from here? Shared decision making (SDM) is an interactive process between clinicians and patients in which both share information, deliberate together, and make clinical decisions. Clinics serving safety net patients face special challenges, including fewer resources and more challenging work environments. The use of SDM within safety net institutions has not been well studied. We recruited a convenience sample of 15 safety net primary care clinicians (13 physicians, 2 nurse practitioners). Each answered a 9-item SDM questionnaire and participated in a semistructured interview. From the transcribed interviews and questionnaire data, we identified themes and suggestions for introducing SDM into a safety net environment. Clinicians reported only partially fulfilling the central components of SDM (sharing information, deliberating, and decision making). Most clinicians expressed interest in SDM by stating that they ""selected a treatment option together"" with patients (8 of 15 in strong or complete agreement), but only a minority (3 of 15) ""thoroughly weighed the different treatment options"" together with patients. Clinicians attributed this gap to many barriers, including time pressure, overwhelming visit content, patient preferences, and lack of available resources. All clinicians believed that lack of time made it difficult to practice SDM. To increase use of SDM in the safety net, efficient SDM interventions designed for this environment, team care, and patient engagement in SDM will need further development. Future studies should focus on adapting SDM to safety net settings and determine whether SDM can reduce health care disparities.', 'Key components of shared decision making models: a systematic review. To (1) provide an up-to-date overview of shared decision making (SDM)-models, (2) give insight in the prominence of components present in SDM-models, (3) describe who is identified as responsible within the components (patient, healthcare professional, both, none), (4) show the occurrence of SDM-components over time, and (5) present an SDM-map to identify SDM-components seen as key, per healthcare setting. Systematic review. Peer-reviewed articles in English presenting a new or adapted model of SDM. Academic Search Premier, Cochrane, Embase, Emcare, PsycINFO, PubMed, and Web of Science were systematically searched for articles published up to and including September 2, 2019. Forty articles were included, each describing a unique SDM-model. Twelve models were generic, the others were specific to a healthcare setting. Fourteen were based on empirical data, 26 primarily on analytical thinking. Fifty-three different elements were identified and clustered into 24 components. Overall<i>, Describe treatment options</i> was the most prominent component across models. Components present in &gt;50% of models were: <i>Make the decision (75%</i>), <i>Patient preferences (65%</i>), <i>Tailor information (65%</i>), <i>Deliberate (58%), Create choice awareness (55%</i>), and <i>Learn about the patient</i> (53%). In the majority of the models (27/40), both healthcare professional and patient were identified as actors. Over time, <i>Describe treatment options</i> and <i>Make the decision</i> are the two components which are present in most models in any time period. <i>Create choice awareness</i> stood out for being present in a markedly larger proportion of models over time. This review provides an up-to-date overview of SDM-models, showing that SDM-models quite consistently share some components but that a unified view on what SDM is, is still lacking. Clarity about what SDM constitutes is essential though for implementation, assessment, and research purposes. A map is offered to identify SDM-components seen as key. PROSPERO registration CRD42015019740.', ""Perceptions of shared decision making among health care professionals. Scholars have progressively promoted shared decision making (SDM) as an optimal model of treatment decision making in clinical practice. Nevertheless, it is unclear whether health care professionals (a) understand SDM well, (b) believe that SDM is helpful in their daily practice, and (c) are willing to practice SDM during their daily activities. These are crucial research topics; however, such research is still limited. The aim of this study was to apply the knowledge-attitude-behavior (KAB) model to probe health care professionals' perceptions of SDM. A questionnaire was delivered to health care professionals working in various hospitals in southern Taiwan from 9 November 2018 to 8 January 2019. In addition to KAB constructs, this study explored the barriers to SDM practice and willingness to practice SDM among health care professionals. Predictive variables were subjected to multiple linear regression analysis to investigate health care professionals' views of SDM. Valid respondents numbered 400, including physicians, pharmacists, nurses, and other health care professionals. The characteristics of these health care professionals significantly affected the mean scores of the KAB model. A correlation analyses indicated that the KAB constructs were positively correlated with each other. The top three barriers reported were lack of time (57.50%), lack of knowledge (38.25%), and difficulty of developing patient decision aids (37.75%). Respondents who were willing to practice SDM opined that SDM can provide the best health care for patients (81.62%), can maintain and improve individual clinical expertise (77.38%), and can meet patient and social expectations (48.40%). Continuous emphasis on education regarding SDM and continuous promotion of a positive attitude of SDM acceptance can influence the behaviour of practicing SDM among health care professionals. Further study is required to assess the SDM practices of various health care professionals in different settings.""]"
21	13	21_care_intensive care_icu_critical care	['care', 'intensive care', 'icu', 'critical care', 'clinicians surrogates', 'values preferences', 'preferences values', 'critically', 'care unit', 'decision making']	"['Surrogate and patient discrepancy regarding consent for critical care research. Critically ill patients frequently display impaired decision-making capacity due to their underlying illness and the use of sedating medications. Healthcare providers often rely on surrogates to make decisions for medical care and participation in clinical research. However, the accuracy of surrogate decisions for a variety of critical care research studies is poorly understood. Cross-sectional observational study. Academic medical center. Medical intensive care unit patients and their designated surrogates. Patients were asked whether they would consent to participate in hypothetical research studies of increasing complexity, and surrogates independently indicated whether they would consent to enroll the patient in the same scenarios. Overall, 69 medical intensive care unit patients were enrolled into the study. The majority of surrogates were either the spouse (58%) or parent (22%) of the patient. The percentage of patients that would agree to participate in a research study and the percentage of surrogates that would agree to have the patient enrolled into a research study both declined as the risk of the study increased (p &lt; .001 for both analyses). In addition, the overall discrepancy, the false-negative rates, and the false-positive rates between patient and surrogates were greater as the risk of the study increased (p &lt; .001, p &lt; .001, and p = .049, respectively). &#x3ba; values for all seven scenarios demonstrated less-than-moderate agreement (range 0.03-0.41). There are significant discrepancies in the willingness to participate in various types of clinical research proposals between critically ill patients and their surrogate decision makers. The results of this study raise concerns about the use of surrogate consent for inclusion of critically ill patients into research protocols.', ""How clinicians discuss critically ill patients' preferences and values with surrogates: an empirical analysis. Although shared decision making requires clinicians to discuss the patient's values and preferences, little is known about the extent to which this occurs with surrogates in ICUs. We sought to assess whether and how clinicians talk with surrogates about incapacitated patients' preferences and values. Prospective, cross-sectional study. Five ICUs of two hospitals. Fifty-four physicians and 159 surrogates for 71 patients. We audio-recorded 71 conferences in which clinicians and surrogates discussed life-sustaining treatment decisions for an incapacitated patient near the end of life. Two coders independently coded each instance in which clinicians or surrogates discussed the patient's previously expressed treatment preferences or values. They subcoded for values that are commonly important to patients near the end of life. They also coded treatment recommendations by clinicians that incorporated the patient's preferences or values. In 30% of conferences, there was no discussion about the patient's previously expressed preferences or values. In 37%, clinicians and surrogates discussed both the patient's treatment preferences and values. In the remaining 33%, clinicians and surrogates discussed either the patient's treatment preferences or values, but not both. In more than 88% of conferences, there was no conversation about the patient's values regarding autonomy and independence, emotional well-being and relationships, physical function, cognitive function, or spirituality. On average, 3.8% (SD, 4.3; range, 0-16%) of words spoken pertained to patient preferences or values. In roughly a third of ICU family conferences for patients at high risk of death, neither clinicians nor surrogates discussed patients' preferences or values about end-of-life decision making. In less than 12% of conferences did participants address values of high importance to most patients, such as cognitive and physical function. Interventions are needed to ensure patients' values and preferences are elicited and integrated into end-of-life decisions in ICUs."", ""Clinician-Family Communication About Patients' Values and Preferences in Intensive Care Units. Little is known about whether clinicians and surrogate decision makers follow recommended strategies for shared decision making by incorporating intensive care unit (ICU) patients' values and preferences into treatment decisions. To determine how often clinicians and surrogates exchange information about patients' previously expressed values and preferences and deliberate and plan treatment based on these factors during conferences about prognosis and goals of care for incapacitated ICU patients. A secondary analysis of a prospective, multicenter cohort study of audiorecorded clinician-family conferences between surrogates and clinicians of 249 incapacitated, critically ill adults was conducted. The study was performed between October 8, 2009, and October 23, 2012. Data analysis was performed between July 2, 2014, and April 20, 2015. Patient eligibility criteria included lack of decision-making capacity, a diagnosis of acute respiratory distress syndrome, and predicted in-hospital mortality of 50% or more. In addition to the patients, 451 surrogates and 144 clinicians at 13 ICUs at 6 US academic and community medical centers were included. Two coders analyzed transcripts of audiorecorded conversations for statements in which clinicians and surrogates exchanged information about patients' treatment preferences and health-related values and applied them in deliberation and treatment planning. Of the 249 patients, 134 (54.9%) were men; mean (SD) age was 58.2 (16.5) years. Among the 244 conferences that addressed a decision about goals of care, 63 (25.8%; 95% CI, 20.3%-31.3%) contained no information exchange or deliberation about patients' values and preferences. Clinicians and surrogates exchanged information about patients' values and preferences in 167 (68.4%) (95% CI, 62.6%-74.3%) of the conferences and specifically deliberated about how the patients' values applied to the decision in 108 (44.3%; 95% CI, 38.0%-50.5%). Important end-of-life considerations, such as physical, cognitive, and social functioning or spirituality were each discussed in 87 (35.7%) or less of the conferences; surrogates provided a substituted judgment in 33 (13.5%); and clinicians made treatment recommendations based on patients' values and preferences in 20 conferences (8.2%). Most clinician-family conferences about prognosis and goals of care for critically ill patients appear to lack important elements of communication about values and preferences, with robust deliberation being particularly deficient. Interventions may be needed to better prepare surrogates for these conversations and improve clinicians' communication skills for eliciting and incorporating patients' values and preferences into treatment decisions.""]"
22	12	22_care_health_primary care_health care	['care', 'health', 'primary care', 'health care', 'services', 'community health', 'conditions perceived', 'providers', 'chronic diseases', 'care provider']	"['Preferences heterogeneity of health care utilization of community residents in China: a stated preference discrete choice experiment. To tackle the issue with the low usage of primary healthcare service in China, it is essential to align resource distribution with the preferences of the community residents. There are few academic researches for describing residents\' perceived characteristics of healthcare services in China. This study aims to investigate the preferences of healthcare services utilization in community residents and explore the heterogeneity. The findings will be useful for the policy makers to take targeted measures to tailor the provision of healthcare services. The face-to-face interviews and surveys were conducted to elicit four key attributes (care provider; mode of services; cost; travel time) of the preference from community residents for healthcare utilization. A rational test was presented first to confirm the consistency, and then 16 pairs of choice tasks with 12 sociodemographic items were given to the respondents. Two hypothetical options for each set, without an opt-out option, were presented in each choice task. The latent class analysis (LCA) was used to analyse the data. Two thousand one hundred sixty respondents from 36 communities in 6 cities were recruited for our study. 2019 (93.47%) respondents completed valid discrete choice experiment (DCE) questionnaires. The LCA results suggested that four groups of similar preferences were identified. The first group (27.29%) labelled as ""Comprehensive consideration"" had an even preference of all four attributes. The second group (37.79%) labelled as ""Price-driven"" preferred low-price healthcare services. The third group labelled as ""Near distance"" showed a clear preference for seeking healthcare services nearby. The fourth group (34.18%) labelled as ""Quality seeker"" preferred the healthcare service provided by experts. Willingness to pay (WTP) results showed that people were willing to accept CNY202.12($29.37) for Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) services and willing to pay CNY604.31($87.81) for the service provided by experts. Our study qualitatively measures the distinct preferences for healthcare utilization in community residents in China. The results suggest that the care provider, mode of services, travel time and cost should be considered in priority setting decisions. The study, however, reveals substantial disagreement in opinion of TCM between different population subgroups.', ""Preferences of Patients with Non-Communicable Diseases for Primary Healthcare Facilities: A Discrete Choice Experiment in Wuhan, China. To elicit stated preferences of patients with non-communicable diseases (NCDs) for primary healthcare (PHC) facilities and to explore the willingness-to-pay (WTP) for facility attributes. A discrete choice experiment (DCE) was conducted through face to face interviews. The DCE survey was constructed by five attributes: type of service, treatment measures, cost, travel time, and care provider. Patients' preferences and willingness to pay for facility attributes were analyzed using a mixed logit model, and interaction terms were used to assess preference heterogeneity among patients with different sociodemographic characteristics. Patients placed different weights on attributes, depending on whether they perceived their health condition as minor or severe. For conditions perceived as minor, patients valued treatment measures (56.60%), travel time (32.34%) and care provider (8.51%) most. For conditions perceived as severe, they valued treatment measures (52.19%), care provider (38.69%), and type of service (7.30%) most. The WTP related to the change from Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) service to Modern Medicine (MM) service was the largest for both severity scenarios. For conditions perceived as minor, patients would be willing to pay 102.84 CNY (15.43 USD) for a reduction in travel time to below 30 min. For conditions perceived as severe, WTP related to the change from general service to specialized service and from junior medical practitioner to senior medical practitioner, were highly valued by respondents, worth 107.3 CNY (16.10 USD) and 565.8 CNY (84.87 USD), respectively. Factors related to the provision of PHC, such as treatment measures, care provider and type of service were highly valued. The findings could contribute to the design of better PHC delivery, improve the participation of patients in PHC, and provide some evidence to promote shared decision-making."", 'The impact of hospital attributes on patient choice for first visit: evidence from a discrete choice experiment in Shanghai, China. The underutilization of primary care in urban China threatens the efficiency and effectiveness of the Chinese health system. To guide patient flow to primary care, the Chinese government has rolled out a sequence of health care reforms which improve the affordability, the infrastructure and workforce of the primary care system. However, these measures have not yielded the desired effect on the utilization of primary care, which is lowest in urban areas. It is unclear how the factors identified to influence facility choice in urban China are actually impacting choice behaviour. We conducted a discrete choice experiment to elicit the quantitative impact of facility attributes when choosing a health care facility for first visit and analysed how the stated choice varies with these attributes. We found that the respondents placed different weights on the identified attributes, depending on whether they perceived their condition to be minor or severe. For conditions perceived as minor, the respondents valued visit time, equipment and medical skill most. For conditions perceived as severe, they placed most importance on equipment, travel time and facility size. We found that for conditions perceived as minor, only 14% preferred visiting a facility over opting out, a percentage which would more than double to 37% if community health centres were maximally improved. For conditions perceived as severe, improvements in community health centres may almost double first visits to primary care, mostly from patients who would otherwise choose higher-level facilities. Our findings suggest that for both severity conditions, improvements to medical equipment and medical skill at community health centres in urban China can effectively direct patient flow to primary care and promote the efficiency and effectiveness of the urban health system.']"
23	12	23_preferences_bone grafts_patient preferences_preference	['preferences', 'bone grafts', 'patient preferences', 'preference', 'refusal', 'treatment decisions', 'decisions', 'transplantation', 'treatment thresholds', 'stated']	"[""A new method for making treatment decisions for incapacitated patients: what do patients think about the use of a patient preference predictor? Surrogates frequently are unable to predict which treatment their charges would want and also can experience significant distress as a result of making treatment decisions. A new method, the patient preference predictor (PPP), has been proposed as a possible way to supplement the process of shared decision-making to address these two concerns. The PPP predicts which treatment the patient would want based on which treatment similar patients want in similar circumstances. The present article describes the results of the first evaluation to assess whether patients support the use of a PPP. Self-administered survey of patients at a tertiary care centre. Overall, 1169 respondents completed the survey (response rate=59.8%). In the event that the respondent became unable to make decisions due to a car accident, 78.9% would want the PPP to be incorporated into the process of making treatment decisions for them. In contrast, 15.2% of respondents would not want the PPP to be used for them. Respondents who endorsed the PPP cited the possibility that its use could increase the chances that they receive the treatments they prefer and/or reduce the burdens on their surrogate decision-maker. The majority of respondents endorsed the possibility of incorporating a PPP into the process of shared decision-making based on its potential to increase surrogates' predictive accuracy and/or reduce surrogate distress. These data provide strong patient support for further research to assess whether, in practice, the use of a PPP can increase the chances that incapacitated patients receive the treatments they prefer and reduce the burden of making decisions on their surrogates."", ""Understanding Patient Preferences in Medication Nonadherence: A Review of Stated Preference Data. Nonadherence is a global problem undermining the cost-effectiveness of evidence-based medications. Aligning treatment choices with patient preferences may promote adherent behaviour: eliciting patient treatment preferences may help resolve the problem of nonadherence. As there is no reliable measure of nonadherent behaviour that can be used to derive preferences, stated-preference techniques offer a robust alternative. To understand patient preferences in medication nonadherence, we systematically appraised full-text English studies (from database inception to 24 February 2014) involving participants evaluating hypothetical scenarios to elicit preferences as an explicit means to understand medication nonadherence. Study characteristics (e.g. setting, disease, stated-preference method), attribute type and influence on choice were extracted. Seventeen full-text articles (4,456 patients) were included in the review, which reports stated-preference elicitation studies across a wide range of chronic and acute conditions. All studies were conducted in high-income settings. The influence of drug-related factors was predominant in patients' preferences for treatment. Patients preferred efficacious over safe medications except when considering the duration of therapy, but dosing and cost appeared more important when contemplating adherence. Patient characteristics, particularly medication experience, significantly influenced preferences. A disparity between stated preferences for treatment and adherence was reported. When using stated-preference techniques to understand nonadherence, this manuscript highlights that there is much room for methodological development. Studies outside of high-income settings are needed, particularly in relation to chronic diseases, for which nonadherence poses a substantial economic burden to health systems and patients. To inform the problem of sustaining adherence, prospective research is needed to understand how preferences change with time. The usefulness of stated-preference techniques to inform policy and practice requires a better understanding of how stated preferences relate to actual adherence behaviour."", ""Patient preferences versus physicians' judgement: does it make a difference in healthcare decision making? Clinicians and public health experts make evidence-based decisions for individual patients, patient groups and even whole populations. In addition to the principles of internal and external validity (evidence), patient preferences must also influence decision making. Great Britain, Australia and Germany are currently discussing methods and procedures for valuing patient preferences in regulatory (authorization and pricing) and in health policy decision making. However, many questions remain on how to best balance patient and public preferences with physicians' judgement in healthcare and health policy decision making. For example, how to define evaluation criteria regarding the perceived value from a patient's perspective? How do physicians' fact-based opinions also reflect patients' preferences based on personal values? Can empirically grounded theories explain differences between patients and experts-and, if so, how? This article aims to identify and compare studies that used different preference elicitation methods and to highlight differences between patient and physician preferences. Therefore, studies comparing patient preferences and physician judgements were analysed in a review. This review shows a limited amount of literature analysing and comparing patient and physician preferences for healthcare interventions and outcomes. Moreover, it shows that methodology used to compare preferences is diverse. A total of 46 studies used the following methods-discrete-choice experiments, conjoint analyses, standard gamble, time trade-offs and paired comparisons-to compare patient preferences with doctor judgements. All studies were published between 1985 and 2011. Most studies reveal a disparity between the preferences of actual patients and those of physicians. For most conditions, physicians underestimated the impact of intervention characteristics on patients' decision making. Differentiated perceptions may reflect ineffective communication between the provider and the patient. This in turn may keep physicians from fully appreciating the impact of certain medical conditions on patient preferences. Because differences exist between physicians' judgement and patient preferences, it is important to incorporate the needs and wants of the patient into treatment decisions.""]"
24	11	24_older patients_gps_decision making_making	['older patients', 'gps', 'decision making', 'making', 'decision', 'decisions', 'shared decision', 'medications', 'patients goals', 'goals preferences']	"[""Towards patient-centred communication in the management of older patients' medications across transitions of care: A focused ethnographic study. Communication about managing medications during transitions of care can be a challenging process for older patients since they often have complex medication regimens. Previous studies highlighted that links between communication breakdowns and medication incidents in older patients occur mainly at discharge or in the post-discharge period. Little attention has been paid to exploring communication strategies facilitating patient-centred medication communication at transitions of care from a discourse-analytic perspective. To explore, through a discursive lens, strategies that enable patient-centred medication communication at transitions of care. A focused ethnographic study was employed for this study. The study was reported according to the COREQ checklist. Interviews, observations and focus groups were analysed utilising Critical Discourse Analysis and the Medication Communication Model following thematic analysis. Data collection was undertaken in eight wards across two metropolitan hospitals in Australia. Patient preferences and beliefs about medications were identified as important characteristics of patient-centred communication. Strategies included empathetic talk prioritising patients' medication needs and preferences for medications; informative talk clarifying patients' concerns; and encouraging talk for enhancing shared decision-making with older patients. Challenges relating to the use of these strategies included patients' hearing, speech or cognitive impairments, language barriers and absence of interpreters or family members during care transitions. To enhance medication communication, nurses, doctors and pharmacists should incorporate older patients' preferences, previous experiences and beliefs, and consider the challenges faced by patients across transitions. Strategies encouraging patients' contribution to decision-making processes are crucial to patient-centeredness in medication communication. Nurses need to engage in informative talk more frequently when administering the medications to ensure older patients' understanding of medications prescribed or altered in hospital settings."", ""The role of older patients' goals in GP decision-making about medicines: a qualitative study. To optimise medication use in older people, it is recommended that clinicians evaluate evidence on potential benefits and harms of medicines in light of the patients' overall health, values and goals. This suggests general practitioners (GPs) should attempt to facilitate patient involvement in decision-making. In practice this is often challenging. In this qualitative study, we explored GPs' perspectives on the importance of discussing patients' goals and preferences, and the role patient preferences play in medicines management and prioritisation. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with GPs from Australia (n&#xa0;=&#x2009;32). Participants were purposively sampled to recruit GPs with variation in experience level and geographic location. Transcribed audio-recordings of interviews were coded using Framework Analysis. The results showed that most GPs recognised some value in understanding older patients' goals and preferences regarding their medicines. Most reported some discussions of goals and preferences with patients, but often this was initiated by the patient. Practical barriers were reported such as limited time during busy consultations to discuss issues beyond acute problems. GPs differed on the following main themes: 1) definition and perception of patients' goals, 2) relationship with the patient, 3) approach to medicines management and prioritisation. We observed that GPs preferred one of three different practice patterns in their approach to patients' goals in medicines decisions: 1) goals and preferences considered lower priority - 'Directive'; 2) goals seen as central - 'Goal-oriented'; 3) goals and preferences considered but not explicitly elicited - 'Tacit'. This study explores how GPs differ in their approach to eliciting patients' goals and preferences, and how these differences are operationalised in the context of older adults taking multiple medicines. Although there are challenges in providing care that aligns with patients' goals and preferences, this study shows how complex decisions are made between GPs and their older patients in clinical practice. This work may inform future research that investigates how GPs can best incorporate the priorities of older people in decision-making around medicines. Developing practical support strategies may assist clinicians to involve patients in discussions about their medicines."", ""Beliefs about prescribed medication among older patients with polypharmacy: a mixed methods study in primary care. Polypharmacy (&#x2265;5 medications) is common in older patients and is associated with adverse outcomes. Patients' beliefs about medication can influence their expectations for medication, adherence, and willingness to deprescribe. Few studies have examined beliefs about prescribed medication among older patients with polypharmacy in primary care. To explore medication-related beliefs in older patients with polypharmacy and factors that might influence beliefs. A mixed methods study utilising data from a randomised controlled trial aiming to decrease potentially inappropriate prescribing in older patients (&#x2265;70 years) in Ireland. Beliefs were assessed quantitatively and qualitatively. Participants completed the Beliefs about Medicines Questionnaire by indicating their degree of agreement with individual statements about medicines on a 5-point Likert scale. Semi-structured qualitative interviews were conducted with a purposive sample of participants. Interviews were transcribed verbatim and a thematic analysis conducted. Quantitative and qualitative data were analysed separately and triangulated during the interpretation stage. In total, 196 patients were included (mean age 76.7 years, SD 4.9, 54% male), with a mean of 9.5 (SD 4.1) medications per patient. The majority (96.3%) believed strongly in the necessity of their medication, while 33.9% reported strong concerns. Qualitative data confirmed these coexisting positive and negative attitudes to medications and suggested the importance of patients' trust in GPs in establishing positive beliefs and potential willingness to deprescribe. Participants reported strong beliefs in medications with coexisting positive and negative attitudes. The doctor-patient relationship may have influenced beliefs and attitudes towards medicines, highlighting the importance of strong doctor-patient relationships, which need to be considered in the context of deprescribing.""]"
25	10	25_multimorbidity_care_primary care_patients multimorbidity	['multimorbidity', 'care', 'primary care', 'patients multimorbidity', 'priorities', 'care people', 'pcps', 'chronic care', 'care plans', 'multimorbidity polypharmacy']	['Evidence supporting the best clinical management of patients with multimorbidity and polypharmacy: a systematic guideline review and expert consensus. The complexity and heterogeneity of patients with multimorbidity and polypharmacy renders traditional disease-oriented guidelines often inadequate and complicates clinical decision making. To address this challenge, guidelines have been developed on multimorbidity or polypharmacy. To systematically analyse their recommendations, we conducted a systematic guideline review using the Ariadne principles for managing multimorbidity as analytical framework. The information synthesis included a multistep consensus process involving 18 multidisciplinary experts from seven countries. We included eight guidelines (four each on multimorbidity and polypharmacy) and extracted about 250 recommendations. The guideline addressed (i) the identification of the target population (risk factors); (ii) the assessment of interacting conditions and treatments: medical history, clinical and psychosocial assessment including physiological status and frailty, reviews of medication and encounters with healthcare providers highlighting informational continuity; (iii) the need to incorporate patient preferences and goal setting: eliciting preferences and expectations, the process of shared decision making in relation to treatment options and the level of involvement of patients and carers; (iv) individualized management: guiding principles on optimization of treatment benefits over possible harms, treatment communication and the information content of medication/care plans; (v) monitoring and follow-up: strategies in care planning, self-management and medication-related aspects, communication with patients including safety instructions and adherence, coordination of care regarding referral and discharge management, medication appropriateness and safety concerns. The spectrum of clinical and self-management issues varied from guiding principles to specific recommendations and tools providing actionable support. The limited availability of reliable risk prediction models, feasible interventions of proven effectiveness and decision aids, and limited consensus on appropriate outcomes of care highlight major research deficits. An integrated approach to both multimorbidity and polypharmacy should be considered in future guidelines.', 'Health-related preferences of older patients with multimorbidity: an evidence map. To systematically identify knowledge clusters and research gaps in the health-related preferences of older patients with multimorbidity by mapping current evidence. Evidence map (systematic review variant). MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, PSYNDEX, CINAHL and Science Citation Index/Social Science Citation Index/-Expanded from inception to April 2018. Studies reporting primary research on health-related preferences of older patients (mean age &#x2265;60 years) with multimorbidity (&#x2265;2 chronic/acute conditions). Two independent reviewers assessed studies for eligibility, extracted data and clustered the studies using MAXQDA-18 content analysis software. The 152 included studies (62% from North America, 28% from Europe) comprised 57 093 patients overall (range 9-9105). All used an observational design except for one interventional study: 63 (41%) were qualitative (59 cross-sectional, 4 longitudinal), 85 (57%) quantitative (63 cross-sectional, 22 longitudinal) and 3 (2%) used mixed methods. The setting was specialised care in 85 (56%) and primary care in 54 (36%) studies. We identified seven clusters of studies on preferences: end-of-life care (n=51, 34%), self-management (n=34, 22%), treatment (n=32, 21%), involvement in shared decision making (n=25, 17%), health outcome prioritisation/goal setting (n=19, 13%), healthcare service (n=12, 8%) and screening/diagnostic testing (n=1, 1%). Terminology (eg, preferences, views and perspectives) and concepts (eg, trade-offs, decision regret, goal setting) used to describe health-related preferences varied substantially between studies. Our study provides the first evidence map on the preferences of older patients with multimorbidity. Included studies were mostly conducted in developed countries and covered a broad range of issues. Evidence on patient preferences concerning decision-making on screening and diagnostic testing was scarce. Differences in employed terminology, decision-making components and concepts, as well as the sparsity of intervention studies, are challenges for future research into evidence-based decision support seeking to elicit the preferences of older patients with multimorbidity and help them construct preferences. Open Science Framework (OSF): DOI 10.17605/OSF.IO/MCRWQ.', 'Priorities and preferences for care of people with multiple chronic conditions. To guide the development of high-quality care for people with multiple chronic conditions, partners of the European Joint Action CHRODIS developed the Integrated Multimorbidity Care Model. To assess its suitability for improving care for people with multimorbidity in the Netherlands, the model was piloted in a primary care setting with both patients and care providers. This paper reports on the patient perspective, and aims to explore the priorities, underlying values and preferences for care of people with multimorbidity. Twenty persons with multimorbidity (selected from general practice registries) participated in a focus group or telephone interview. Subsequently, a questionnaire was completed by 863 persons with multimorbidity registered with 14 general practices. Qualitative data were thematically analysed and quantitative data by means of descriptive statistics. Frequently prioritized elements of care were the use of shared electronic health records, regular comprehensive assessments, self-management support and shared decision making, and care coordination. Preferences for how these elements should be specifically addressed differed according to individual values (eg weighing safety against privacy) and needs (eg ways of coping with multimorbidity). The JA-CHRODIS Integrated Multimorbidity Care Model reflects the priorities and preferences for care of people with multimorbidity in the Netherlands, which supports its relevance to guide the development of person-centred integrated care for people with multiple chronic conditions in the Netherlands. European patient experts contributed to the development and applicability assessment of the JA-CHRODIS Integrated Multimorbidity Care Model; Dutch patients participated in focus groups, interviews and a survey.']
